# NBARank, while other authoritative sports media such as Bleacher Report (B/R) and The Athletic have also joined in 
 NBARank, while other authoritative sports media such as Bleacher Report (B/R) and The Athletic have also joined in.

Which players will make the cut? Will there be any big rookies who make it to the top 100 without even playing a regular season game? And where will the MVP contenders - Nikola Jokic, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Luka Doncic, and reigning champion Joel Embiid - rank? Keep reading to find out. Of course, there's also LeBron James, who is entering his 21st season and still has a chance to be among the top 10 players in the league. ESPN has put a lot of effort into this ranking, consulting nearly 150 reporters, editors, producers, and analysts, and using a one-on-one elimination format to answer the question "Which player will be better in the 2023-24 season?" The rankings below are based on ESPN's list, with input from other media outlets such as Sports Illustrated, B/R, and more.

Here are numbers 11-25: Catch up on the previous rankings: NBA Top 100 Players for the 2023-24 Season - No. 76-100NBA Top 100 Players for the 2023-24 Season - No. 51-75NBA Top 100 Players for the 2023-24 Season - No. 26-50NBA Top 100 Players for the 2023-24 Season - No. 11-25No. 10: Anthony DavisLos Angeles Lakers | Power Forward/CenterB/R Rank: 102022 Rankings (ESPN | SI | B/R): 20 | 18 | 172022-23 Stats: 25.9 points, 12.5 rebounds, 2.6 assists, 56.3 FG%, 25.7 3P% (56 games played)After two injury-plagued seasons, Davis finally lived up to his "Unibrow" nickname last season, posting career-highs in field goal percentage (56.3%) and rebounds (12.5) and leading the Purple and Gold to the Western Conference Finals. He also re-signed with the Lakers for three years and $186 million at the end of the season.

Davis has vowed to lead the Lakers back to glory this season. Keep reading because with the league's new requirement of at least 65 games played to qualify for annual awards, the biggest question for "The Brow" is whether he can stay healthy and be a legitimate candidate for MVP and Defensive Player of the Year.No. 9: LeBron JamesLos Angeles Lakers | Small ForwardB/R Rank: 72022 Rankings (ESPN | SI | B/R): 6 | 7 | 82022-23 Stats: 28.9 points, 8.3 rebounds, 6.8 assists, 50.0 FG%, 32.1 3P% (55 games played)This 38-year-old superhuman, who has been in the league for 20 years, continues to push the limits of what a basketball player can achieve. He will be one of just six players in NBA history to have played for 21 or more years, but his