#  Shaq on NBA Expansion Team in Las Vegas

NBA expansion team has been a hot topic recently, with Las Vegas and Seattle being the top contenders for the potential city to host the team 
  Shaq on NBA Expansion Team in Las Vegas

NBA expansion team has been a hot topic recently, with Las Vegas and Seattle being the top contenders for the potential city to host the team. It is highly likely that the expansion process will begin after the completion of the next broadcasting contract in 2025. Many celebrities and businesspeople have expressed interest in having a team in Las Vegas, including LeBron James and Shaquille O’Neal.

In a recent interview with The Messenger at a charity event, Shaquille O’Neal made it clear that he is eager to have his own team in Las Vegas. He stated, “I want to have full control of the team. I know Las Vegas has not been officially chosen as the next expansion city by the NBA, but if they do, I would like to be involved. I don’t want to be part of a group, I want it to be all mine.”

O’Neal has been living in Las Vegas for over 20 years and he loves the city. He said, “I have been involved in many aspects of Las Vegas, from owning one of the most popular nightclubs to having 9-10 restaurants here. My life is great here and I want to continue to grow with Las Vegas.” O’Neal also previously owned shares of the Sacramento Kings in 2013, which he sold last year to pursue other plans.

In addition to O’Neal’s recent statement, LeBron James, who played a preseason game in Las Vegas with the Lakers, also expressed his excitement for the potential of having an NBA team in Las Vegas. He said, “It’s just a matter of time before Las Vegas has an NBA team. I would love to be a part of it and I’m looking forward to it.” Over the past decade, Las Vegas has seen many professional sports teams, with the exception of an NBA team. However, it is expected that an NBA team will eventually call Las Vegas home, joining the other three major sports leagues that already have teams in the city.