#  PLG's "A-Fei" Shih Yen-Tsung Joins Hsinchu Kanto Lions, Returning to the Professional Basketball Stage

Photo/Hsinchu Kanto Lions

The Hsinchu Kanto Lions basketball team announced today that "A-Fei" Shih Yen-Tsung has officially joined the team and will wear the number 1 jersey for the upcoming season 
  PLG's "A-Fei" Shih Yen-Tsung Joins Hsinchu Kanto Lions, Returning to the Professional Basketball Stage

Photo/Hsinchu Kanto Lions

The Hsinchu Kanto Lions basketball team announced today that "A-Fei" Shih Yen-Tsung has officially joined the team and will wear the number 1 jersey for the upcoming season. At 31 years old, Shih became a free agent in July and received invitations to try out for various teams. In early September, he joined the Kanto Lions for the Xiamen Professional Basketball Invitational, where he showed great determination by averaging double-digit points and serving as a communication bridge on the court. He was also a key contributor to the team's championship title, earning the approval of the coaching staff.

Head coach Lin Kuan-Lun said, "Shih Yen-Tsung quickly adjusted and integrated into the team in a short period of time, and he is not afraid to communicate and lead his teammates. We hope that in the new season, he can take on more tough work at the small forward position and help the team showcase a stronger team defense."

During the off-season, Shih Yen-Tsung has been maintaining his fitness through self-training. When asked about his mindset upon receiving the invitation from the Kanto Lions, he admitted, "I didn't perform well in the previous tryouts with other teams, so this time I made a special effort to adjust my mentality. When I found out that I could join the team for the Xiamen tournament, I knew it would be my final exam. I had to treat every game as if it was my last and I am happy that I was able to help my teammates and even contribute to the team's victories!" Shih Yen-Tsung has previously played for Taipei DaXin Engineering, Taoyuan Pauian Construction, Taoyuan Pauian Leopards, and Changhua Pei-Li Strength. He will enter his ninth year as a professional player, and after getting married, he believes that his mentality towards work has matured, and he hopes to give more to the team. "After joining the Kanto Lions, I have to take on more of a communication role because we have a lot of young players on the team. I want to make sure that the team runs smoothly." After nearly three weeks of training, Shih Yen-Tsung has integrated well into the team's system and has developed a positive chemistry with his teammates. "I think we are a young and energetic team, and everyone is willing to share the ball and make up for each other's weaknesses on defense through communication. I am looking forward to the new season and working with my teammates to help the Kanto Lions make it to the playoffs!"