#  NBA James Harden Once Again Absent from Training, Embiid Says He May Have Something to Do

Today, according to famous reporter Shams Charania, sources revealed that 76ers player James Harden was absent from training today 
  NBA James Harden Once Again Absent from Training, Embiid Says He May Have Something to Do

Today, according to famous reporter Shams Charania, sources revealed that 76ers player James Harden was absent from training today.

In addition, Harden has not appeared with the team since Monday (Taipei time).

This is his second absence since media day. When asked about his teammate's absence from training, Joel Embiid said that Harden may have "something to do". Since this summer, Harden has been trying to leave Philadelphia. It was reported that he was frustrated when the team's basketball operations president Morey did not immediately offer him a maximum contract. Harden then chose to exercise his player option for one year.

It was reported that immediately after choosing this option, Harden requested a trade to the Los Angeles Clippers. But Morey has been very passive in the trade and seems to be dragging it out. He even let slip in China that Morey is a big liar and he will not play for the team anymore, resulting in a $100,000 fine. Harden showed up on time at training camp last week and completed his training dedicatedly. He said last week that he plans to "give it his all" for the team, but his relationship with Morey cannot be repaired, even though they have known each other for a long time and have worked together when they were both at the Houston Rockets.

Despite Harden's desire to join the Clippers and leave the 76ers, he may not be traded soon.

ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski reported that there is still a "significant disagreement" in the negotiations between the 76ers and the Clippers over Harden's trade deal.