#  Nick Young to don the jersey of Macau Black Bears and compete in TAT Finals on October 27-28 in Hong Kong 
  Nick Young to don the jersey of Macau Black Bears and compete in TAT Finals on October 27-28 in Hong Kong. Photo/TAT

The Asian Tournament (TAT) has invited Nick Young, also known as the "Swaggy P" and "The Black Mamba", to join the Macau Black Bears for the Finals in Hong Kong.

In addition to playing in the Finals, Nick Young will also attend events and interact with fans, including leading a private basketball training class.

TAT founder Feng Zhizhi introduced that the tournament aims to promote the level of basketball in Asia and the basketball culture. Originally, the tournament had planned to have a Taiwan leg or invite Taiwanese teams to participate, but due to scheduling conflicts with the Taiwanese professional league, it did not materialize for this edition. However, future plans include the participation of not only Taiwanese teams, but also more professional teams from other Asian countries. From October 27 to 28, the final four teams will compete at the Southorn Stadium in Hong Kong. In addition to the Macau Black Bears with Swaggy P, there will be teams from the United States, Sketch Pro-Am, and Masterwook from South Korea. The two days of competition will be full of excitement, including an Asian dunk contest and a performance by the South Korean cheerleading squad twinkle. Don't miss out on this unforgettable experience! Tickets for the Finals are now available for purchase here: https://www.popticket.hk/the-asian-tournament