# NBADoncic's return to his hometown, only played for five minutes, Real Madrid reversed Mavericks to win

Luka Doncic, Rudy Fernandez 
 NBADoncic's return to his hometown, only played for five minutes, Real Madrid reversed Mavericks to win

Luka Doncic, Rudy Fernandez. Photo/Reuters

The Mavericks traveled to two countries and played three games in their preseason warm-up. The final stop was at Luka Doncic's former team, Real Madrid, before he joined the NBA. Doncic only played for five minutes in this game, and Irving did not play. In the end, the Mavericks wasted a 12-point lead in the fourth quarter and were reversed by Real Madrid. Doncic was limited to only five minutes of play due to a left calf injury, which was announced to the entire audience before the game. However, Doncic still managed to make three three-pointers in his short playing time. Real Madrid had all their players in this game, and former Maverick Facundo Campazzo scored a three-pointer at the end of the game to seal the victory. Seeing Doncic, his former teammate, Campazzo was also very happy. He scored 20 points, 6 rebounds, and 8 assists in this game.

Although this was just an exhibition game, it was evident that Real Madrid took it very seriously. They have already started their regular season. Other players' performances were like Guerschon Yabusele scoring 18 points and 9 rebounds, Sergio Llull with 19 points and 3 rebounds, Rudy Fernandez with 14 points and 2 rebounds, and Vincent Poirier with 19 points and 10 rebounds.

This victory was also Real Madrid's third time beating an NBA team in their history, with the previous two being the Raptors in 2007 and the Thunder in 2016.