#  Introduction of the Changyao Cup International Team: Korea's High School Queen Strikes

This year, the Changyao Cup is being held in the form of an international invitation tournament 
  Introduction of the Changyao Cup International Team: Korea's High School Queen Strikes

This year, the Changyao Cup is being held in the form of an international invitation tournament. Among the list of international teams, the "Bundang Business High School" from South Korea is the most anticipated. The school has been nicknamed the "High School Queen of Korea" and has established a dynasty in the Korean high school basketball scene. It has also become an important breeding ground for professional women's basketball players and national team members in recent years. Despite being a relatively new team, Bundang Business High School has risen to become one of the top teams in women's high school basketball in Korea.

Since its establishment in December 2007, Bundang Business High School has achieved impressive results, including a third-place finish at the 2010 National Joint Association Basketball Championship and a silver medal at the 92nd National Sports Festival in 2011. In the following two years (2014-2015), the team swept all major competitions in women's high school basketball in Korea, solidifying their dominance. They also hold the record for the longest undefeated streak (three years) in the KSSBF Korean High School Basketball League.

As we continue to introduce the Bundang Business High School women's basketball team, they have once again completed a three-peat in the first half of this year's national tournaments. (Source: Bundang Business High School) As an emerging powerhouse in Korean high school women's basketball, Bundang Business High School has produced numerous national team members and professional players in the past decade. The most well-known player is Park Ji-soo, who is known as the "Best Female Center in Korean History" and "Basketball Prodigy." She became the youngest (16 years old) female basketball player in Korean history to join the national team and was selected by the Minnesota Lynx as the 5th overall pick in the 2018 WNBA Draft, making her the second Korean player to enter the WNBA after Jung Sun-min, who played for the Seattle Storm in 2003. In addition, three players who led the Korean team to the round of 16 in the 2021 U19 Women's World Cup, namely Pyun Soo-jung, Koh Na-yeon, and Park So-hee, are also graduates of Bundang Business High School. Pyun Soo-jung and Park So-hee were even selected as the second and third overall picks in the WKBL draft last season, earning the title of "Rookie Monsters."

Park Ji-soo, who was born in Bundang Business High School, has become one of the most highly-regarded female basketball players in Korea. (Source: Bundang Business High School) In the first half of this year, Bundang Business High School won three consecutive championships in national tournaments (the 60th Spring National Middle School Basketball Federation Championship, the 48th Association President's Middle School Basketball Championship, and the 2023 King of Kings Weekend Basketball League). Three players from the current team, namely Seo Yu-jung, Park Do-yuan, and Pyun Heo-jung, have been selected to represent their school in the Changyao Cup. They are highly regarded in the development of Korean high school women's basketball and recently announced their participation in the 2023-24 WKBL draft, becoming the latest focus in the Korean basketball community.

Despite being a dominant force in Korean high school basketball, Bundang Business High School faces challenges when it comes to competing on the international stage. This is a hurdle that they are determined to overcome in order to continue their growth and development. As international competitions resume after the pandemic, Bundang Business High School is honored to be invited as one of the five international teams participating in the Changyao Cup. The coaching staff hopes that this will be a valuable opportunity for the team to showcase their skills and abilities that have led them to multiple national championships, as well as learn from other top teams and gain international experience. They also hope that this experience will benefit the players' future development, and potentially open doors for their professional careers. The Bundang Business High School women's basketball team participating in the 10th Changyao Cup (Source: Changyao Cup) Please continue reading for more information on other international teams participating in the Changyao Cup: [Introduction of the Changyao Cup International Team] Continuing the Legacy: Japan's Sakura High School [Introduction of the Changyao Cup International Team] Preparing for the Next Level: USA's TSF Atlanta Preparatory School [Introduction of the Changyao Cup International Team] Innovating for International Competitiveness: Manila's Ateneo de Manila University High School