# 
The NBA's most successful team in the past decade, the Golden State Warriors, have won a total of 4 championship trophies under the leadership of head coach Steve Kerr since the 2014-2015 season 
 
The NBA's most successful team in the past decade, the Golden State Warriors, have won a total of 4 championship trophies under the leadership of head coach Steve Kerr since the 2014-2015 season. At the pre-season press conference today, Kerr was not only asked about the starting lineup for the upcoming season (news link), but also about his one-year contract status. In response, Kerr stated that he does not feel any pressure. "I feel very good about my position and I want to stay here. I know that Mike Dunleavy Jr. and Joe Lacob also want me to continue to stay here, and I am confident that we will reach an agreement on extending my contract," Kerr said. "I don't feel any pressure about it. Regardless of how many years are left on my contract, it won't make a difference in my coaching. I have complete confidence that I will continue to be the coach here." Kerr added.

Kerr's current contract will expire at the end of next season (2024), making him an important contributor to the Warriors' eight-year, four-championship dynasty (the team's winningest coach in history). He has accumulated a record of 473 wins and 238 losses (second most wins in team history), with a winning percentage of 66%, and has been named Coach of the Year once (2015-2016 season) and Coach of the Month seven times.