#  The Asian Games 3x3 women's basketball quarterfinals kicked off today, with the Chinese team blossoming with multiple scoring points and a 21:10 victory over the Indian team, making it their fourth consecutive win 
  The Asian Games 3x3 women's basketball quarterfinals kicked off today, with the Chinese team blossoming with multiple scoring points and a 21:10 victory over the Indian team, making it their fourth consecutive win. Photo/ Chinese Olympic Committee provided (file photo)

 In the quarterfinals of the Asian Games 3x3 women's basketball today, the Chinese team blossomed with multiple scoring points and a 21:10 victory over the Indian team, making it their fourth consecutive win. They advanced to the semifinals together with the Chinese men's 3x3 basketball team.

 The Chinese women's basketball team made it to the bronze medal game last time, but lost by one point to the Thai team and missed out on a medal. This year, the team is composed of UBA Taiwan Normal University's Chen Yu-Jie, National Taiwan University of Physical Education and Sport's Huang Chiao-Chun, National Taiwan University of Culture and Sport's Kuo Hung-Ting, and WSBL Chunghwa Telecom's Hsu Shih-Han. In the preliminary rounds, they defeated Japan, Kazakhstan, and Nepal, and finished first in their group to advance to the quarterfinals. In the quarterfinals, they faced the Indian team, but the Chinese women's team kept the lead in the first half and went on a 6-point run to widen the gap. From the last 5 minutes and 5 seconds, the opponent's score was frozen at 10 points as the Chinese women's team continued to score, ultimately winning by 21 points.

 Chen Yu-Jie scored 8 points and had 6 rebounds, Hsu Shih-Han had 7 points, Kuo Hung-Ting had 4 points, and Huang Chiao-Chun had 2 points and 4 rebounds.