#  

NBAShaq Talks About Expanding Team in Las Vegas

Former NBA player Shaquille O’Neal recently expressed his desire to have his own team in Las Vegas 
  

NBAShaq Talks About Expanding Team in Las Vegas

Former NBA player Shaquille O’Neal recently expressed his desire to have his own team in Las Vegas. The topic of NBA expansion teams has been gaining attention, with Las Vegas and Seattle being the top contenders. It is speculated that the expansion process may begin in 2025 after the current broadcasting contract expires. Many celebrities and businesspeople, including LeBron James and Shaquille O’Neal, have shown interest in having a team in Las Vegas.

During a charity event, O’Neal was interviewed by "The Messenger" where he made it clear that he wants to have a team in Las Vegas. He stated, "I want to have control of the team. Although Las Vegas has not been officially chosen as the next expansion city, if it is, I want to be a part of it. I don't want to team up with others, I want it to be all mine." O’Neal has been living in Las Vegas for over 20 years and he loves the city.

He said, "I like it here. Las Vegas is a city that never stops growing. You can see new casinos, real estate, and nightclubs popping up all the time. I have been involved in the growth of the city, owning one of the hottest nightclubs and now owning 9-10 restaurants. My life is very good here and I want to continue to grow with Las Vegas."

In the past, O’Neal had a stake in the Sacramento Kings, purchasing shares in 2013 and selling them last year. Aside from O’Neal, LeBron James also spoke about the possibility of an NBA team in Las Vegas. After a preseason game in Las Vegas, James said, "It’s only a matter of time before Las Vegas has an NBA team. I would love to be a part of it." In the past decade, Las Vegas has become home to many professional sports teams, with all major leagues except for the NBA having at least one team in the city.

(The Oakland Athletics are also planning to move to Las Vegas, but it has not been finalized yet.)