#  SBL Weekly Exposes Former SBL Player Wu Jiying Betting on Fake Games and Secretly Dating Yulon Princess, Selling Yan's Watches

October 17, 2023 - According to Mirror Weekly, former SBL (Super Basketball League) player Wu Jiying, who played for Yulon Luxgen last season, quietly left the team in June to join Taiwan Beer 
  SBL Weekly Exposes Former SBL Player Wu Jiying Betting on Fake Games and Secretly Dating Yulon Princess, Selling Yan's Watches

October 17, 2023 - According to Mirror Weekly, former SBL (Super Basketball League) player Wu Jiying, who played for Yulon Luxgen last season, quietly left the team in June to join Taiwan Beer. The magazine received a tip that Wu is suspected of participating in fake games and has been cooperating with bookies for a long time. He can earn at least 300,000 to 500,000 NT dollars per game, allowing him to drive a Mercedes-Benz and live in a luxury house. In addition, there are rumors that he is in a relationship with Yulon Group's "Little Princess" Yan Peiyu. What's even more shocking is that he sold three watches from the collection of former Yulon chairman Yan Kaitai, and even resold two of them, causing the top management to be furious and sending people to buy back the watches. This outrageous behavior has sent shockwaves through the domestic basketball world, raising questions about whether there is match-fixing in the SBL and the internal management of the team. So far, the organizing committee and Yulon team have not responded.

Wu Jiying, 25, graduated from the prestigious basketball high school, Nanshan High School in New Taipei City. In the 104th school year, he helped the school win the championship in the HBL (High School Basketball League) and was named the FMVP, gaining fame. He joined the Fu Jen University basketball team during college and was named the UBA (University Basketball Association) Rookie of the Year in his freshman year. In 2020, he was selected in the second round of the SBL draft by Taoyuan Pauian, joined the T1 League's Taoyuan Leopards in October 2021, and returned to Yulon Basketball Team in August 2022. He is currently a player for Taiwan Beer.