#  身為前瑞典國手的飛克，也曾在2013年歐錦賽中與當時效力雷霆的克里斯．保羅對決，而這次來到T1聯盟也是他首次亮相台灣籃球賽場，飛克表示非常期待可以在T1聯盟中展現自己的實力。

T1 League's preseason game was held at XinZhuang Gymnasium, where Viktor Gaddefors, the Swedish foreign player of New Taipei CITIC Attack, scored the highest 28 points of the game 
  身為前瑞典國手的飛克，也曾在2013年歐錦賽中與當時效力雷霆的克里斯．保羅對決，而這次來到T1聯盟也是他首次亮相台灣籃球賽場，飛克表示非常期待可以在T1聯盟中展現自己的實力。

T1 League's preseason game was held at XinZhuang Gymnasium, where Viktor Gaddefors, the Swedish foreign player of New Taipei CITIC Attack, scored the highest 28 points of the game. Photo by Yu Cheng-Han. 
The defending champion of T1 League, New Taipei CITIC Attack, recruited the Swedish player Gaddefors during this year's off-season. In his debut in yesterday's preseason game, he scored an impressive 28 points, 5 rebounds, and 4 assists. The handsome Gaddefors also revealed after the game that he has been told he resembles Joel Kinnaman, the Swedish actor from "Suicide Squad". 
Gaddefors, who has represented Sweden in the EuroBasket and FIBA World Cup European Qualifiers, won the MVP in the Swedish Basketball League in 2021. He joined New Taipei CITIC Attack for the first time this year and made his debut in the team's jersey in today's preseason game. He showed excellent penetration skills, frequently breaking through the defense of the Eagles' twin towers to score inside. 
Gaddefors ended up with 28 points on 11-of-21 shooting, along with 5 rebounds and 4 assists, making him the highlight of the game for the Attack. When asked about his performance in the first game, Gaddefors admitted that there are still a few national team players who have not played yet, but he was satisfied with his performance today. 
When asked if he has been told he resembles any celebrity, Gaddefors smiled and said that many people have told him he is handsome since he came to Taiwan, "and that's the truth." He also revealed that he has been told he looks like Joel Kinnaman, the Swedish actor who played Rick Flag in "Suicide Squad". 
As a former Swedish national team player, Gaddefors had a showdown with Chris Paul, who was playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder at the time, in the 2013 EuroBasket. This is his first time appearing in a Taiwanese basketball game and he is looking forward to showcasing his skills in the T1 League.