#  當然這也是熱身賽，而且 Simmons 也才剛加入球隊所以這些都是可以改善的。本季最大的期待就是看這個聯盟中最大型的前衛是否能給籃網帶來更多勝利。

Introduction
Last season, the Brooklyn Nets faced a series of domino effects due to the contract negotiations with Kyrie Irving in the middle of the season 
  當然這也是熱身賽，而且 Simmons 也才剛加入球隊所以這些都是可以改善的。本季最大的期待就是看這個聯盟中最大型的前衛是否能給籃網帶來更多勝利。

Introduction
Last season, the Brooklyn Nets faced a series of domino effects due to the contract negotiations with Kyrie Irving in the middle of the season. This led to the trades of Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving to the Suns and Mavericks respectively, and the team underwent a rebuilding process with the assets acquired from these trades.

First, Mikal Bridges quickly proved himself as a contender for the Most Improved Player award after joining the team. With similar offensive efficiency as his time with the Suns and being the team's top scorer, he averaged 26.1 points, 4.5 rebounds, and 2.7 assists per game, becoming a cornerstone for the team during the transition period. Cameron Johnson overcame his initial struggles with the team and showed a more diverse offensive game towards the end of the season. He also proved his ability to play as a supporting role player during the playoffs and earned a four-year contract extension in the summer. Please continue reading to see how the Nets will utilize this wing combination in the new season and how they will repair their team system and culture, which were damaged by the formation of the "Big Three." However, these three players have yet to prove themselves as reliable core players, and with all of them over the age of 27, it is unlikely that they have much untapped potential left.

Will the Nets, now stripped of their star power, be able to become the most underestimated team in the league and shake things up? Changes in the roster: Out - Joe Harris, Seth Curry, Patty Mills, Yuta Watanabe, Edmond Sumner, David Duke Jr., Dru Smith, and RaiQuan Gray. Please continue reading to see who will be joining the team: In - Lonnie Walker IV, Dennis Smith Jr., Trendon Watford, Dariq Whitehead, Noah Clowney, Harry Giles III, Jalen Wilson, and Armoni Brooks. Projected roster: PG - Ben Simmons, Dennis Smith Jr., Armoni Brooks SG - Spencer Dinwiddie, Royce O'Neale, Lonnie Walker IV, Cam Thomas SF - Mikal Bridges, Dariq Whitehead, PF - Cameron Johnson, Dorian Finney-Smith, Noah Clowney, Trendon Watford, Jalen Wilson C - Nic Claxton, Day'Ron Sharpe, Harry Giles III (Ben Simmons claimed to be a point guard at media day, so let's continue reading...) Main focus of the season: Rebuilding the team system The main goal of this season is to give the main rotation players from the end of last season, who have had a summer to bond and develop, a chance to reach their potential, as well as to improve the performance of young players who have not lived up to expectations - new classmates Lonnie Walker IV, Dennis Smith Jr., Darius Bazley, Trendon Watford, and Harry Giles III, and Ben Simmons on the team.

Here is what head coach Jacque Vaughn has instructed for the offense and defense this season: On the offensive end, Spencer Dinwiddie will play as a shooting guard, with Simmons as the primary ball handler, along with Bridges, who had a breakout season last year, Johnson, who earned a big contract in the summer, and Nic Claxton, who worked on his shooting during the offseason, to create a flexible lineup. Simmons also showed his improvement in free throws and three-point shooting in training videos during the summer. After all, in today's NBA, even if a team has shooters like Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson, playmaker Draymond Green still has the ability to handle the ball outside.

There are two ways to amplify Simmons' offensive threat: first, to develop his ball handling and shooting skills and utilize him in Dribble Handoffs with shooters; second, to play an open-style offense and score quickly before the opponent's defense is set, or to push the ball in transition. Perhaps this is the best instruction manual for the "project-type" genius Simmons.

Moving on to the defensive end, this is where the team has undergone the most changes. In order to strengthen rebounding and rim protection, the Nets will abandon their previous constant switching defense and replace it with conditional switching.

The condition is that when the opponent's ball handler and center run a pick and roll, the Nets will protect the paint, but if it's a double screen or the ball handler is not the center, they will switch.

It may sound complicated, so here is the key point - this defense still values individual defense, but also tests the guards' ability to navigate around screens and communicate on the court. This will help solidify rebounding and rim protection, but the downside is that it may leave open shots at the three-point line and mid-range area for the opponent.

However, the Nets still have a long way to go in this regard. In the first preseason game against the Lakers, Dinwiddie's weak point was exposed when trying to navigate around screens for D'Angelo Russell, resulting in him hitting four three-pointers and pulling ahead in the score. In the next two games against the 76ers, D'Anthony Melton and Tyrese Maxey also took advantage of Cam Thomas' lack of experience in navigating screens to get open shots through Paul Reed. Although Simmons can pressure the ball handler, his tendency to go for steals also leads to a high number of fouls.

Of course, this is only the preseason, and Simmons has just joined the team, so there is still room for improvement. The biggest expectation for this season is to see if the league's biggest forward can bring more wins to the Nets.