#  Slovenia defeated Italy and finished seventh in this year's World Cup 
  Slovenia defeated Italy and finished seventh in this year's World Cup.

 Photo/FIBA Today, the 7th and 8th place matches between Italy and Slovenia officially kicked off. In the first quarter, the Italian team showed smooth firepower and took a 10-4 lead. However, Luka Doncic quickly responded on the offensive end to help Slovenia keep up with the score. Italy led Slovenia 18-15 after the first quarter.

 In the second quarter, Zoran Dragic scored a 2+1 to tie the game for Slovenia, and then made another two points to help the team take the lead. Italy's Giampaolo Ricci responded with a dunk to tie the score again, but Slovenia regained the lead with Doncic's pinpoint passes. They went into halftime with a 42-41 lead. In the second half, Slovenia started with a 7-0 run, but Italy's Simone Fontecchio hit a three-pointer to stop the bleeding. However, Doncic once again extended the lead to 10 points, and Slovenia led 70-60 after the third quarter. In the final quarter, Italy made a 10-3 run to bring the score within 3 points.

 With 3 minutes left in the game, Italy closed the gap to just one point. However, Slovenia extended their lead again with free throws. Italy's Marco Spissu then tied the game with a successful layup assisted by Melli. Slovenia then made a mistake, and Italy's Gianpaolo Ricci scored two points under the basket to take the lead. But Slovenia's Jacob Cebasek hit a three-pointer to reclaim the lead, and Italy failed to respond. In the end, Slovenia defeated Italy 89-85 to claim seventh place in this year's World Cup.