#  After the NBA trade for Jrue Holiday, the Heat, Clippers, 76ers, and Celtics are all interested in trading for Holiday 
  After the NBA trade for Jrue Holiday, the Heat, Clippers, 76ers, and Celtics are all interested in trading for Holiday. The most talked-about trade this summer was completed early this morning, sending Damian Lillard to the Bucks to team up with Giannis Antetokounmpo in the Eastern Conference. American journalist Jake Fischer also gave his insight on why the Bucks wanted to acquire Lillard and the potential developments for Jrue Holiday after this trade.

According to Fischer, one of the reasons why the Bucks chose to pursue Lillard this summer was because of the public statements made by Giannis about not signing a contract extension with the Bucks "right now." He stated that he wants to wait until next summer to make a decision, but he hasn't made up his mind yet. Giannis said, "If I didn't have the desire to compete for a championship, sacrifice time away from my family, then I wouldn't be the best version of myself. If my teammates didn't make me feel that way, I wouldn't have signed an extension." Fischer also mentioned Holiday's potential move to the Trail Blazers and said that the Heat, 76ers, and Clippers are all interested in acquiring him. Regarding the Heat, Fischer stated that although they didn't have many conversations with the Trail Blazers about Lillard, it doesn't mean they can't make an offer for Holiday. He also mentioned that this trade has sparked discussions among front offices, and the Heat have been interested in Holiday since his time with the Pelicans.

The 76ers and Clippers are also interested in Holiday due to the James Harden trade talks. The 76ers are not satisfied with the package the Clippers offered for Harden (they don't want to include Terance Mann), so they are looking at Holiday as a potential alternative to complete a three-team trade. However, the Clippers are not solely focused on Harden and would be willing to give up their pursuit of him if they can acquire Holiday. As for the Celtics, according to Boston Globe reporter Adam Himmselsbach, they are also interested in trading for Holiday, but they would likely have to include Malcolm Brogdon in the deal. However, their current salary cap situation and Brogdon's injury may pose a problem for the Celtics. The Trail Blazers, after acquiring Holiday, may look to trade him again for more assets as his presence could affect the playing time of the three guards they are trying to develop.