#  NBA enters its 21st season and needs to respond to criticisms of LeBron James needing time for people to understand 
  NBA enters its 21st season and needs to respond to criticisms of LeBron James needing time for people to understand.

Photo/Reuters

LeBron James is about to enter his 21st season in his career, and after Andre Iguodala's retirement, he officially becomes the oldest player in the league. During a media interview after practice today, he was asked about entering his 21st season and the constant criticism from the public during the playoffs. Does he feel the need to respond to them? LeBron's initial response was, "I don't know." He then added, "It takes time, and people will understand what I'm saying. With time, everyone will understand." During today's interview, LeBron also talked about his motivation for his 21st season. He said, "I just want to do my best and become a better version of myself, solidify what I want to do in my career, and keep my eyes on the championship trophy every day. Winning the championship is one of the best moments of my life."

"And I also want to become one of the legends on the basketball court. After I retire, I want my achievements to speak for themselves. This team also motivates me. Every day, we come to the court to practice, and seeing everyone pushing each other and striving to become better, it motivates me to achieve what we want. It's a driving force for me." After practice, the Lakers held a family picnic day, and it was heartwarming to see the whole team with their families.