# Former Brooklyn Nets dancer Jen Rufo recently appeared on "The Leo & Danny Show" podcast, where she discussed her experiences working for the team and whether or not she was allowed to have relationships with players 
 Former Brooklyn Nets dancer Jen Rufo recently appeared on "The Leo & Danny Show" podcast, where she discussed her experiences working for the team and whether or not she was allowed to have relationships with players. Rufo revealed that the team did have a clause in their contract stating that it was not allowed, but she did have relationships with players and clarified that she was not involved with any bench players.

"I don't think the players are contractually obligated to not interact with the dancers, so they pretty much do whatever they want," Rufo said. "I was a dancer for the team and I pretty much did whatever I wanted. The team didn't like it because they thought it would affect our performance, but no matter what they said, I didn't agree with them dictating these things."

"I believe that we can maintain our talents on the job and our sexual lives outside of work, and I don't think it affects my reputation or anything. Either way, I still did it," Rufo added.

Rufo even revealed on the podcast that she had multiple relationships with players from the team, and they were not bench players. This sparked a lot of discussion, with Mikal Bridges clarifying that he was a member of the Phoenix Suns at the time, not the Nets.

Bridges was traded to the Nets in February of this year. Dallas Mavericks player Grant Williams couldn't resist poking fun at Bridges, as he commented on the post with a photo of American influencer Aliza Jane, who has claimed to have had relationships with seven members of the Suns.