# 

NBA's Greek Freak: I imagine being like Duncan and Kobe, one man, one city, but winning is more important than loyalty 
 

NBA's Greek Freak: I imagine being like Duncan and Kobe, one man, one city, but winning is more important than loyalty.

Photo/Reuters

Today, Milwaukee Bucks player Giannis Antetokounmpo accepted an interview with renowned journalist Marc J. Spears.

Journalist: "Even though you seem very loyal to the Bucks, you have also mentioned that your loyalty is tied to the team's championship contention. With Lillard joining, will it make you stay in Milwaukee long-term?" 

Greek Freak: "I have always envisioned myself playing for Milwaukee long-term. I always say I want to play for 20 years, to be like Tim Duncan and Kobe Bryant, players who stayed with one team for many years and won championships. But ultimately, winning is more important than loyalty. We judge players based on their ability to win games.

I am a winner, I want to win. Sometimes, my words are misinterpreted. I have been saying these things for four, five, six years now. I don't know why the media's reaction is different this time. 

When there are still three to four years left on your contract, and you say things like 'I want my team to be the strongest, I want everyone to maintain a high level,' no one really cares. But when your contract is about to expire, people will say, 'Oh, he might leave.' No, that's not it. I want our team to be the best.

I want to wake up every morning knowing I have a chance to win. I want the entire organization to have the same goal, not to become complacent just because we won one championship. Do we have to wait another 15 years to win another championship? No, never. We have to give our all every day. I try to give my all every day, and I also hope those around me have the same attitude." 