#  NBA: James Harden absent from training again, Embiid says he may have something to do

Photo/Reuters Today, according to renowned journalist Shams Charania, sources revealed that 76ers player James Harden was absent from training today 
  NBA: James Harden absent from training again, Embiid says he may have something to do

Photo/Reuters Today, according to renowned journalist Shams Charania, sources revealed that 76ers player James Harden was absent from training today.

In addition, Harden has not been with the team since Monday (Taipei time). This is the second time he has been absent since media day.

When Joel Embiid was asked about his teammate's absence from training, he said Harden may have "something to do".

Harden has been wanting to leave Philadelphia since this summer, reportedly feeling frustrated when he wasn't offered a max contract by 76ers basketball operations president Morey right away.

Harden exercised his player option for one year at that time. According to reports, he immediately requested a trade to the Los Angeles Clippers after making this choice. But Morey has been very passive in the trade negotiations, seemingly wanting to drag it out and even causing Harden to blurt out that Morey is a liar and he won't play for his team anymore while in China, resulting in a $100,000 fine.

Harden showed up to training camp on time last week and worked hard. He stated last week that he plans to "give it his all" for the team, but his relationship with Morey cannot be repaired, despite knowing each other for a long time and having previously worked together on the Houston Rockets. While Harden wants to join the Clippers, he may not be traded there soon. ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski reported that there are "significant differences" between the 76ers and Clippers in the trade talks for Harden.