#  PLG announced today about measures to prevent gambling-related activities 
  PLG announced today about measures to prevent gambling-related activities.

Photo/PLGP. LEAGUE+ announced today (10/26) that the Taiwan basketball scene is facing a storm of gambling-related cases. The league has been strictly addressing this issue since its establishment and considers gambling as a violation of its principles, with no leniency given. The league has developed multiple measures to prevent gambling.

Internally, the league's regulations explicitly state that "players are not allowed to engage in any gambling activities related to the games, nor attempt to influence game results through any improper means." The league also requires all team players to sign a code of conduct before the start of the season in order to complete their registration. Externally, the league maintains close communication with the Ministry of Justice and the Criminal Investigation Bureau, and collaborates with Sports Radar's Universal Fraud Detection System (UFDS) to use technology to monitor global gambling activities related to PLG games. Whether internally or externally, PLG has put in a lot of effort in its anti-gambling mechanisms and will continue to closely monitor and prevent such activities. The league also plans to strengthen education on law and order for team and players, in hopes of bringing the best games to fans and creating a high-quality professional basketball environment in Taiwan.

In terms of legal power, the league cooperates with the Ministry of Justice and the Criminal Investigation Bureau, and maintains close communication with them. It has also established a reporting mechanism similar to the Chinese Professional Baseball League, where any abnormalities or threats against players can be immediately reported and dealt with by the league and the judicial authorities. In addition, the league and teams also request the presence of local judicial authorities and criminal investigation units to attend games and gather evidence on site, in order to establish preventive and protective measures. In terms of technology, since the 2021-2022 season, PLG has been working with the globally renowned sports data analysis company Sports Radar to use their Universal Fraud Detection System (UFDS) to monitor global gambling activities related to PLG games. By utilizing AI learning algorithms and expert monitoring of betting activities, UFDS detects any unusual patterns and immediately notifies the league. In the past two seasons of their collaboration, PLG has proactively inquired about any abnormalities in games, and Sports Radar has reported no issues, with UFDS never detecting any suspicious activities. For more information on UFDS, please visit their official website: https://sportradar.com/integrity/bet-monitoring-detection/ufds-premium-services/