# According to TA reporter Shams, Harden still hopes to join the Clippers 
 According to TA reporter Shams, Harden still hopes to join the Clippers. Shams said: League sources said the Clippers will spare no effort to achieve this goal. League sources said the Clippers have been in discussions with several teams on how to exchange draft rights for additional picks, with the goal of increasing their offer and completing the deal.

"The training camp has been going on for two days, and Harden has maintained his professionalism by participating in training.

He has not yet participated in live scrimmages or 5-on-5 training, but he is said to be in good physical shape, and a big part of the reason he maintains his professionalism seems to be his desire to be traded to the Clippers.

Sources told me that the Clippers have been offering an unprotected first-round pick and a pick swap for Harden's trade.

"I was told that the Clippers are also negotiating with multiple other teams, discussing giving up their pick swap rights to receive draft picks in return, in order to strengthen their offer to the 76ers.

In their view, in any Clippers' trade offer for Harden, the 76ers have always valued the combination of Terance Mann and multiple first-round picks. So there is still a gap between the two sides. Mann has gained a lot of value throughout the league and is an attractive chip for the entire league.

His name also came up in the Clippers' negotiations with the Pelicans for Jrue Holiday. So he is a valuable player that the Clippers possess." Shams said.