# 3 Lin Bingyi 
 3 Lin Bingyi. In the semi-finals, they faced their old rival Zhiping High School, but their energy levels were drained after facing intense defense for four quarters, and they fell short of victory, narrowly missing out on a spot in the championship game. 

In the third place game, they faced Nanda High School once again, but this time, they were unable to secure a win and had to settle for fourth place. Zhang Shenghua also won the Blocking King award at the national tournament. Team captain Shi Xuanzhong said, "I am very happy to have won the central region championship this year and fulfilled last year's regret. I am also grateful to my teammates who have been with me for the past three years. It's great to advance to the national competition with them again." He hopes that the younger players will continue to work hard and play with confidence in future games, and achieve even better results. 

Please continue reading for a closer look at Lin Bingyi, who has had an outstanding performance this year, averaging double-digit points and making it onto the All-Tournament Team. In the group stage of the national competition, he had been quiet for three quarters, but finally made a crucial three-pointer in the final minutes to help the team advance to the top four. 

This year's senior lineup said, "This year, when Little Shi (Shi Xuanzhong) wasn't shooting well, I was given more opportunities to take shots. After advancing to the national competition, our numbers were a bit short, and with some players graduating and not continuing to train, our physical strength was a disadvantage. The group stage was also quite challenging, but I am still happy with our fourth place finish." Having participated in the TGF tournament for four years, Shi Xuanzhong also wanted to thank the TGF staff for their hard work. "Thank you to all the staff for providing us with such a great environment to fulfill our dreams. The TGF tournament has been getting better every year and even has sponsors now. I believe it will continue to grow in the future. Lastly, I want to thank the TGF staff for taking care of us. You have all worked hard." 

When asked about their future plans, Shi Xuanzhong said that if he chooses to continue his education, he will attend Asia University, but he might also choose to enlist in the military before making future plans. Regardless of what path he takes, he believes that he will continue to move forward and find his own way. Lin Bingyi will attend Chienkuo Technology University and hopes to improve himself and compete for a championship with his senior teammates in the future. However, the most precious thing they have gained from this journey is the friendship they have forged over the past three years. As they graduate, these brothers who have fought together will go their separate ways, but they will always cherish the memories they have made and believe that each of them will shine wherever they go.