#  JJ Redick has been invited twice to serve as an assistant coach for the Celtics, but has rejected the team's invitation 
  JJ Redick has been invited twice to serve as an assistant coach for the Celtics, but has rejected the team's invitation.

Photo/Reuters

Former NBA player JJ Redick recently invited Celtics head coach Joe Mazzulla to his podcast "Old Man and the Three podcast." In the hour-long program, Mazzulla mentioned that he had invited Redick to join the Celtics coaching staff twice last year.

At the time, due to former head coach Ime Udoka's situation, Mazzulla was appointed as the acting head coach and was looking to build his own coaching team. He reached out to Redick, who was in the Boston area at the time, but Redick declined the invitation. In the podcast, Mazzulla mentioned that at the time, he suddenly found himself as the acting head coach and only had one week to find his assistant coaching staff. He reached out to Redick, who happened to be nearby, and the two discussed the matter on the golf course. Mazzulla specifically mentioned that he thought Redick had a chance to become an assistant coach, but time was too tight, and he only had about two days to consider. Redick considered his family and current job, and ultimately did not join the coaching staff.

In March, one of the Celtics assistant coaches, Damon Stoudamire, left to become a college head coach. Mazzulla and the team invited Redick to become an assistant coach again, but Redick still declined. Redick's current job is still a commentator for ESPN, but according to reports, the Raptors also interviewed him for their head coaching position this year, but ultimately chose another candidate (Darko Rajakovic).