# 

Former NBA player Kenyon Martin recently expressed his frustration towards ESPN's player rankings, in which he found it hard to believe that there were two rookies ranked higher than Russell Westbrook 
 

Former NBA player Kenyon Martin recently expressed his frustration towards ESPN's player rankings, in which he found it hard to believe that there were two rookies ranked higher than Russell Westbrook.

The rankings, which were released by ESPN, saw Giannis Antetokounmpo taking the top spot and Nikola Jokic coming in second. This list has sparked a lot of discussions, with Martin questioning how two rookies who have not even played a minute in the NBA could be ranked higher than Russell Westbrook.

"Tell me the other 93 players in the NBA who are better than Russell Westbrook, and two of them have not even played a minute in the NBA," Martin said.

According to ESPN's ranking methodology, they invited 150 experts to select which of the two players they believe will have a better season. The player with the higher score was then given a higher ranking. The two players that Martin mentioned were this year's first overall pick Victor Wembanyama and third overall pick Scoot Henderson, who were ranked 48th and 78th, respectively. Both of them were ranked higher than Westbrook, who was ranked 94th.

Westbrook has been playing in the NBA for 15 seasons and has accumulated 37552 minutes on the court. He was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers last year and still managed to average 15.9 points, 7.5 assists, and 5.8 rebounds per game. His shooting percentage has also shown signs of improvement since joining the Clippers.