#  2223 Flying Apes Season: Rediscovering Himself in the Chaotic Postseason

Ever since his outstanding performance in the second season, Lu Junxiang has become the shining star of the Flying Apes 
  2223 Flying Apes Season: Rediscovering Himself in the Chaotic Postseason

Ever since his outstanding performance in the second season, Lu Junxiang has become the shining star of the Flying Apes.

However, this title was not enough as Lu Junxiang's leadership only led the team to bottom of the standings in the second season.

Like a king in a makeshift kingdom, he still had not proven himself against other powerful forces. But people still have high hopes for his development, and in my opinion, he possesses the necessary competitive mentality as an athlete. Whenever facing star players from the opposing team, I always feel his desire to score intensify. Although he may not have the same level of firepower as players like Lin Zhijie and Yang Jingmin, he always approaches these veterans with a positive attitude and a willingness to compete.

But all of this happened before his slump. Lu Junxiang's performance in the third season has been a rollercoaster ride like I have never seen since the establishment of P. LEAGUE+. Usually, when a player's performance is not up to par, it only takes one or two games to adjust. If their performance remains poor for the whole season, it could be due to poor team chemistry.

However, Lu Junxiang's situation was neither of the above. In the beginning of the season, he played like a star player, but then his performance drastically declined. Even coming off the bench seemed like a struggle, to the point where even Coach Caminos did not let him play for a period of time. I also asked a few teams about this, and they all said that they did not have any specific defensive strategies against Lu Junxiang during that time. It wasn't until the postseason that Lu Junxiang gradually regained his form.

He once again became the main scoring option for the Flying Apes in the postseason, with an average of over 20 points per game.

Please continue reading for my analysis on why the postseason helped Lu Junxiang find his game.

Basketball is a funny sport, the more you focus on personal performance and shooting percentage, the more hesitant you become to take shots. In the postseason, you don't have time to worry about your own form, you can only focus on how to help the team win, otherwise, the team will face elimination. Of course, this is just my speculation, only Lu Junxiang knows the real reason behind his return to form.

But even off the court, we often see people struggle when they put too much pressure on themselves or become too fixated on something. Sometimes, all it takes is a change in mindset to overcome a challenge. In the movie Men in Black, whenever the main characters face a dead end, they would go to a diner in New York to eat pie and relax. Afterwards, they would inadvertently come up with a new idea or solution.

Perhaps in the postseason, Lu Junxiang's change in mindset allowed him to focus on helping the team instead of being lost in his own form. This season's analysis will continue below. Since last season, Lu Junxiang has been the most lethal scorer for the Flying Apes, but he is not what I would consider a pure scorer. Lu Junxiang's offense mainly consists of outside shooting and cuts to the basket, and his repertoire is not particularly diverse. He just has more opportunities to shoot and a higher shooting accuracy compared to other players on the team. From the shot distribution chart (see diagram below) that I have mentioned in previous articles, we can see that Lu Junxiang's main scoring areas are concentrated in the paint and three-point range.

In modern basketball, this is considered a good thing. People have gradually realized that mid-range shots are not as efficient as they once thought, and they have been dubbed as the "furthest two-point shot". However, if taken to the extreme, it can make the offensive player easier to predict. For example, when Lu Junxiang tries to drive to the basket, you would simply back off to the paint, knowing that he is less likely to take a jump shot.

A good scorer should be able to create multiple threats and scoring options while holding the ball. For example, when Carmelo Anthony has the ball at the free throw line, he could shoot his signature mid-range jump shot, drive to the basket, or post up to take advantage of his low-post moves. Therefore, tactics designed for a scorer would often try to get the ball to them in the most threatening position and then clear the way for them to showcase their one-on-one skills.

However, the Flying Apes rarely design tactics for Lu Junxiang in this manner. Instead, they often utilize catch and shoot plays or elevator screens for him, or create ball screens and handoffs. It is rare to see the team deliberately design isolation plays for Lu Junxiang, allowing him to take on the opponent by himself. Although he is not a pure scorer, Lu Junxiang still managed to average 14.3 points, 4.0 rebounds, 2.5 assists, and 1.7 steals this season.

His scoring average ranks fourth among local players, behind Lin Shujie, Gao Guohao, and Yang Jingmin. He also led the league in steals, making him not just an offensive threat, but also a contributor on the defensive end.

Thanks to these statistics, he was selected to the All-League First Team and Defensive First Team for the third season in a row. You may argue that there are other players who are stronger defenders than him, but since other potential contenders were registered as "guards", Lu Junxiang, who had the steals statistics to back him up, was the obvious choice.

As for the turnover issue mentioned in last year's point guard analysis, it still plagues Lu Junxiang. He ranked third among local players in turnovers, behind only the Lin brothers. His turnovers have officially surpassed his assists, and if he wants to become a more efficient scorer, he needs to reduce his turnovers. Please continue reading below.