#  Asia's U16 Men's Basketball Team Misses Out on Participation, Association Protests Against East Asian Basketball Association's Decision

On September 17th to 24th, the U16 Asia Youth Men's Basketball Championship will be held in Qatar 
  Asia's U16 Men's Basketball Team Misses Out on Participation, Association Protests Against East Asian Basketball Association's Decision

On September 17th to 24th, the U16 Asia Youth Men's Basketball Championship will be held in Qatar. However, our country's representative team has recently been unable to participate. Li Yunxiang, the secretary-general of the Chinese Basketball Association, explained today that there are 3 spots available in the East Asian region this year. However, the East Asian Basketball Association decided to use rankings instead of qualifying games to determine the qualifications for participation without discussing with other member countries, resulting in our country, ranked 4th in East Asia, being unable to participate. The association has also sent a letter of protest.

In the past, out of the 16 spots in the U16 Asia Youth Championship, besides the host and defending champion, there are 2 spots for the West Asian, East Asian, and Persian Gulf regions, and 1 spot for the remaining 3 regions and Oceania. The remaining 4 spots are determined based on the performance of each region in the previous year. This year, the East Asian region was allocated "2+1" spots.

Li Yunxiang, the secretary-general of the Chinese Basketball Association, said that they did not receive any information about the tournament this year and after inquiring with other participating countries and sending a letter to the Asian Basketball Confederation, they were told that the qualifications for each region were determined by the respective regional basketball associations. However, the East Asian region, without a meeting with other member countries, decided to use rankings instead of qualifying games to determine the qualifications. As a result, our country, ranked after China, Japan, and South Korea in the East Asian region, was unable to participate. Li Yunxiang emphasized that the decision made by the East Asian Basketball Association was not known to other member countries, including Hong Kong and Macau. South Korea and Japan only found out that our country was not on the list of participating countries during the U16 video conference. The association has sent a letter of protest and requested for the meeting records. Hu Shufen, who also serves as the secretary-general of the Macau Basketball Association, personally apologized, but it is too late to change the fact that our country cannot participate this year. The coaching staff and some members of our U16 representative team went to Ulaanbaatar to participate in the East Asian Youth Games and won the silver medal. In order to avoid affecting the players' morale, the association only informed them of the possibility of not being able to participate after the end of the competition and suggested finding other tournaments for the U16 team to continue training. However, with the HBL qualification games approaching, many schools hope that the players can return early.