# 
Nick Young to wear Macau Black Bears jersey in TAT finals in Hong Kong on October 27-28 
 
Nick Young to wear Macau Black Bears jersey in TAT finals in Hong Kong on October 27-28.

Photo/TAT provided Macau Black Bears have recruited Nick Young, also known as Swaggy P and the legendary "Confused Black Guy" meme, for the TAT (The Asian Tournament) finals, bringing much anticipation to the event. Aside from playing in the finals, Nick Young will also attend various activities and interact with fans, including a private basketball training session led by him. TAT founder Vincent Fung introduced that the tournament aims to elevate the level of basketball in Asia and promote basketball culture. Originally, the tournament planned to have a Taiwan stop or invite Taiwanese teams to participate, but due to scheduling conflicts with the Taiwan Professional Basketball League, it did not come to fruition this year. The future plan not only includes Taiwanese teams, but also more professional teams from other Asian countries.

On October 27-28, witness the final four showdown at Hong Kong's Southorn Stadium, where not only will the Macau Black Bears, led by Swaggy P, compete, but also teams from the United States, Sketch Pro-Am, and Masterwook from South Korea. The two-day competition will be full of excitement, with not only the Asian Slam Dunk Contest, but also performances from South Korea's twinkle cheerleaders. Don't miss out on this unforgettable experience! Tickets are now on sale and can be purchased here ↓ https://www.popticket.hk/the-asian-tournament