#  The NBA rest policy officially came into effect this Monday, as it was quickly passed by the NBA Board of Directors a few days ago, and will go into effect in the 2023-24 season 
  The NBA rest policy officially came into effect this Monday, as it was quickly passed by the NBA Board of Directors a few days ago, and will go into effect in the 2023-24 season. It is estimated that 48 players will be affected by this policy and will not be allowed to miss regular season games without a valid reason. In the previous report, it was mentioned that there are five main directions of the NBA rest policy: in addition to the previous restriction on multiple star players on the same team resting at the same time, the NBA also requires that players without obvious injuries cannot miss important games (such as mid-season invitation tournaments and national broadcasts), and personal awards have a restriction of playing at least 65 games to be eligible for selection.

 According to the list of players compiled by ESPN reporter Bobby Marks, the definition of players on the list is that they have been selected for the All-Star Game and All-NBA team in the past three years.

 It is expected that 48 players will be affected by this policy, including: In addition, according to Marks' news, if you are selected as an All-Star player in the middle of the season, regardless of whether you are selected for the first time or after a gap of three years, you will also be listed.

 As an example, Marks mentioned Tyrese Maxey of the 76ers. If he is selected for the All-Star Game for the first time in February next year, he will be included in this list after the All-Star Game and will also be subject to the rest clause in future games. As for popular rookie Victor Wembanyama, whether he will be subject to the rest clause, Marks' answer is no. He has no record of playing in the NBA in the past and will not be on this list unless he is selected for the All-Star Game in his rookie season. Marks also mentioned that there is no restriction on playing at least 65 games for being selected as the Rookie of the Year or First Team, Second Team.