# 
Former Brooklyn Nets cheerleader Jen Rufo recently appeared on "The Leo & Danny Show" podcast to discuss her experience working for the team and whether or not she was allowed to have relationships with players 
 
Former Brooklyn Nets cheerleader Jen Rufo recently appeared on "The Leo & Danny Show" podcast to discuss her experience working for the team and whether or not she was allowed to have relationships with players. Rufo clarified that while the team had a clause in the contract stating that they did not condone such relationships, she did have a relationship with a player and it was not with a bench player. She stated, "I don't think players have a contract that says they can't interact with cheerleaders, so they pretty much can do whatever they want. I was dancing for the team and I pretty much did what I wanted to do."

The team didn't like us doing these things because they believed it would affect our performance at work, but no matter what they said, I didn't agree with them setting these rules." She added, "I believe we can maintain both our talents at work and our private sexual lives, and I don't think it affects my reputation or anything else. Anyway, I still did it."

Rufo even revealed on the show that she had multiple relationships with players on the team, and they were not bench players.

This incident sparked a lot of discussion, with Mikal Bridges clarifying that he was a member of the Phoenix Suns at the time, not the Nets. Bridges was traded to the Nets in February. Dallas Mavericks player Grant Williams didn't let Bridges off the hook either, commenting on Bridges' post with a photo of American internet celebrity Aliza Jane, who also claimed to have had relationships with seven members of the Suns.