#  A Look Back at the Illustrious International Career of PF Tan Lei in Chinese National Team History

When I saw the news of Tan Lei's retirement announced by the Island Dream Team on March 15, 2021, my emotions were a mix of feelings 
  A Look Back at the Illustrious International Career of PF Tan Lei in Chinese National Team History

When I saw the news of Tan Lei's retirement announced by the Island Dream Team on March 15, 2021, my emotions were a mix of feelings.

Since Chen Hsin-an retired in 2014, there hasn't been a scene of a golden generation player retiring.

Last year, when the PLG was just established, almost every team had a member of the golden generation. At that time, I was glad that Taiwan could still have a professional basketball league in the final stage of these talented players' careers. It allowed this group of the most talented players in Taiwan basketball history to stand on the professional stage.

Unfortunately, before Tan Lei announced his retirement, he only played two games on this stage. Looking back now, it's really a regrettable thing.

To commemorate Tan Lei's retirement, I decided to carefully organize his more than 20 years of career records. Of course, Tan Lei's career is too illustrious, and it is difficult to cover all of his experiences in one article. Therefore, in this article, I want to focus on his contributions in international competitions and explain his high school glory as part of the Three Ming Five Tigers, his impressive records in the SBL, his experience in the NBA Summer League, and his performance in the later CBA and ABL. Let others fill in the rest! Please continue reading to review Tan Lei's international career. It will take a lot of space to review Tan Lei's experience representing Chinese National Team in international competitions. He has been a key player in almost all the international competitions of the "golden generation" from 2001, when they started winning silver, to the unfortunate ending of the 2015 Asian Championship with the worst record in history. Below, I have compiled a list of the various international competitions that Tan Lei has participated in and the final results. Year Competition Results Notes 2000 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship Third Place 1989 was the last time Chinese National Team finished in the top three 2001 East Asian Games Silver Medal First medal won by the "golden generation" 2001 21st FIBA Asia Championship Seventh Place 2002 14th Asian Games Seventh Place 2003 22nd FIBA Asia Championship Eleventh Place 2004 1st FIBA Asia Cup Third Place First time the tournament was held in Taiwan 2005 23rd FIBA Asia Championship Ninth Place 2005 4th East Asian Games Gold Medal First gold medal for the "golden generation" 2006 15th Asian Games Eighth Place 2009 25th FIBA Asia Championship Fifth Place Ranked above Japan, South Korea, and the Philippines 2009 5th East Asian Games Silver Medal 2010 16th Asian Games Quarterfinals 2012 4th FIBA Asia Cup Sixth Place 2013 26th FIBA Asia Championship Fourth Place Best result in the Asian Championship for the "golden generation" 2013 5th East Asian Games Gold Medal Last East Asian Games 2014 17th Asian Games 12th Place Worst result in the Asian Games for the "golden generation" 2015 27th FIBA Asia Championship Thirteenth Place Worst result in the Asian Championship for the "golden generation" Note 1: The FIBA Asia Championship was renamed to FIBA Asia Cup in 2017. Here, I use "Asian Championship" to refer to both tournaments. Note 2: The FIBA Asia Challenge was previously known as the Stankovic Cup before 2010, and then was renamed to the FIBA Asia Cup in 2012. In 2016, it was renamed to the FIBA Asia Challenge. Here, I use "Asia Cup" to refer to all these tournaments.