#  T1 League debut after the merger of Chiang Yu-An with 9 points and 5 assists but Tai-Power Yulon Leopards were defeated by Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors 
  T1 League debut after the merger of Chiang Yu-An with 9 points and 5 assists but Tai-Power Yulon Leopards were defeated by Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors.

 Photo/T1 League

 The T1 League pre-season games continued on the second day, with Tai-Power Yulon Leopards playing against Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors. Despite adding key players such as Chiang Yu-An and Huang Chen during the off-season, and selecting rookies Lin Hsin-Kuan and Kao Chin-Wei in the draft, the new lineup of Tai-Power Yulon Leopards failed to perform as expected in their first game, ultimately losing to Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors by 98-94.

 Last season, Yulon Leopards, who failed to make it to the playoffs despite having "The Beast" Dwight Howard on their team, merged with Tai-Power and formed "Tai-Power Yulon Leopards" to compete in the third season of the T1 League. In addition to the addition of national team players such as Chiang Yu-An, Huang Chen, and Lee Chi-Wei, this year's Tai-Power Yulon Leopards also welcomed the two big men rookies, Kao Chin-Wei and Lin Hsin-Kuan, creating high expectations for the team's performance. However, in the first pre-season game against the well-structured Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors, the new lineup of Tai-Power Yulon Leopards failed to gel as expected, especially with new additions Chiang Yu-An and Huang Chen having little room to showcase their skills in the first half. The team only had 5 assists in the first half, a stark contrast to the Warriors' 17. By halftime, the Warriors had a comfortable 14-point lead. However, in the second half, Tai-Power Yulon Leopards gradually found their rhythm, with Chiang Yu-An and Lin Hsin-Kuan both making their first field goals of the game in the fourth quarter. Substitute Luo Chen-Feng also made a three-pointer and a two-handed dunk, helping Tai-Power Yulon Leopards to cut the deficit to 6 points. Despite key baskets from Yu Huan-Ya and Kusas, Cheng Wei made a three-pointer with 23.5 seconds left, bringing the team within 4 points. However, Tai-Power Yulon Leopards failed to score again, ultimately losing to Kaohsiung FamilyMart Warriors by 4 points. In today's game, foreign player Hamilton led Tai-Power Yulon Leopards with 23 points and 12 rebounds, while Kromah had 12 points, 7 rebounds, and 7 assists. Chiang Yu-An came off the bench for 27 minutes and recorded 9 points, 5 rebounds, and 5 assists. For the Warriors, foreign player Jones had 24 points and Yu Huan-Ya had 15 points.