#  NBA Resting Policy Officially Implemented, 48 Players Affected

The NBA Resting Policy, proposed earlier this week and officially passed by the NBA Board of Governors in the past few days, will go into effect in the 2023-24 season, affecting a total of 48 players 
  NBA Resting Policy Officially Implemented, 48 Players Affected

The NBA Resting Policy, proposed earlier this week and officially passed by the NBA Board of Governors in the past few days, will go into effect in the 2023-24 season, affecting a total of 48 players. This policy prohibits players from missing regular-season games without a valid reason.

NBA Commissioner Adam Silver. Photo/Reuters

As previously reported, the NBA Resting Policy has five main directions: besides the previously mentioned restriction on multiple star players resting at the same time on the same team, the NBA also requires players to have no significant injuries and not to miss important games (such as mid-season tournaments and nationally televised games) in order to be eligible for personal awards that require playing in at least 65 games.

According to a list compiled by ESPN reporter Bobby Marks, the players affected by this policy are defined as those who have been selected for the All-Star Game and All-NBA teams in the past three years.

It is expected that 48 players will be affected by this policy, including some big names such as LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Steph Curry. According to Marks' news, if a player is selected as an All-Star during the season, whether it is his first time or after a three-year gap, he will also be included in this list. Marks used Tyrese Maxey of the Philadelphia 76ers as an example. If he is selected for the All-Star Game for the first time next February, he will be included in this list after the All-Star Game and will be subject to the resting policy for the rest of the season.

In addition, Marks mentioned that popular rookie Victor Wembanyama will not be affected by this resting policy as he has no record of playing in the NBA. He will only be included in this list if he is selected as an All-Star during his rookie season. Marks also pointed out that the restrictions on playing at least 65 games do not apply to Rookie of the Year and All-Rookie teams.