# 

Starting tomorrow, the PLG preseason games will be held in Keelung, with Council Speaker Tong Zhiwei and Mayor Xie Guoliang both welcoming professional teams to make Keelung their home court 
 

Starting tomorrow, the PLG preseason games will be held in Keelung, with Council Speaker Tong Zhiwei and Mayor Xie Guoliang both welcoming professional teams to make Keelung their home court.

The Taiwan Professional Basketball League (PLG) will kick off its new season with 6 teams playing 2 games a day at the Keelung City Sports Center for 3 consecutive days during the National Day holiday. Mayor Xie Guoliang and Council Speaker Tong Zhiwei attended the pre-game press conference today and expressed their hopes to retain local basketball talents in Keelung and welcome professional teams to make Keelung their home court in the future. 

The first day of the preseason games will see Dreamers facing Lions and Bank of Taiwan Warriors taking on Steelmen. On the second day, Lions will play Apes and New Taipei Kings will go against Dreamers. The third day will feature Apes against Warriors and Kings against Steelmen. Tickets are available for purchase. 

For the first time, professional basketball will come to Keelung, thanks to the efforts of Council Speaker Tong Zhiwei. Tong pointed out that Steelmen's general manager Gao Jingyan is a very experienced basketball person and he himself grew up watching games broadcast by Gao. Tong is honored to have invited Steelmen and PLG to move their preseason games to Keelung through a friend's recommendation. In the past, during the CBA era of the Chinese Basketball Association, the Keelung City Sports Center was the home court of the Lucky Leopards team, and Tong often went to the center to watch games during his primary school years.

Tong said that basketball has always been popular in Keelung and has produced many national players, including the recent Asian Games gold medalist Yu Xiangping, who graduated from Mingchuan Junior High School. He hopes to invite professional teams to Keelung. Tong also mentioned that the long-term goal is to have a professional team stationed in Keelung. The locals are passionate about basketball, but they can only go to Taipei to watch games. If Keelung can attract people from other counties and cities to watch games, it will have a positive impact on sports development in Keelung and can also revitalize the local three-tier basketball system with the presence of a professional team.

Mayor Xie Guoliang said that the city government will provide tickets to Keelung's school basketball teams and hopes that by watching professional basketball games, it will have a positive impact on the students' sports career.

Both Mayor Xie and Council Speaker Tong welcome professional teams to make Keelung their home court. As long as the professional team is willing, the local community is optimistic and supportive.

Mayor Xie also mentioned that the facilities of the sports center will be gradually improved in stages and years. The end-of-year party will be held on December 23 at the city sports center and efforts will be made to improve the facilities of the center in order to attract high-quality events and activities to be held indoors for the public to participate in.