#  Aggressive leadership of 2023 World Cup and unfinished mission of Dennis Schroder with Germany

The preparations for the last European Basketball Championship clearly have an impact on the present 
  Aggressive leadership of 2023 World Cup and unfinished mission of Dennis Schroder with Germany

The preparations for the last European Basketball Championship clearly have an impact on the present.

Maxi Kleber refused to play for the national team at the time, as he wanted to fully prepare for the NBA season, which led to public criticism from Dennis Schroder. A year later, despite Kleber expressing his desire to play, the "leader" comments from the German national team still hurt him and made him feel unwelcome, so he did not express his position to national team coach Gordon Herbert.

Please continue reading FIBA World Cup – Germany: Past events and best results of the national team Germany has participated in the World Cup seven times, but they have only reached the semifinals twice, with their best result being a bronze medal in 2002.

In that tournament, Dirk Nowitzki had an outstanding performance (24 points, 11 rebounds), but Germany was still defeated by Argentina in the semifinals.

In the battle for third place, Nowitzki once again scored 29 points to lead Germany to victory over New Zealand.

Four years ago, Germany had high hopes for the FIBA World Cup, but they were dealt a heavy blow as they were eliminated by the Dominican Republic in the first round.

Please continue reading The road to advancement It was not surprising for Germany to advance to the FIBA World Cup this year.

They only lost one game in the first stage (5 wins, 1 loss), which was against Estonia in the first round. In the second part of the qualifiers, they continued to dominate and finished with a total score of 10-2, enough to secure first place.

Key players Please continue reading This may sound a bit critical, but the current "leader" of the team seems to be a bit misleading due to his own actions. After all, the criteria for being a leader is being recognized by others, not just one's own ideas. Of course, Dennis Schroder is undoubtedly the most important player. Without his outstanding performance in the last World Cup, Germany would not have won the bronze medal. Perhaps it has never been a problem on the court, but when an important player in the lineup decides not to help the national team because of the "leader's" public statements, it becomes a big problem.

Photo source: Getty Images Regardless, Schroder is here and Kleber is not, which is the perfect time to end this story.

Last season, Schroder played 66 games for the Los Angeles Lakers. There, he averaged 12.6 points and 4.5 assists per game.

In addition, the Wagner brothers have proven themselves to be reliable in the past. Last year, Schroder and Franz Wagner were bronze medalists in the Euro Cup. Moritz Wagner was unable to participate due to injury, but he had a great performance at the Olympics two years ago. Johannes Thiemann and Johannes Voigtmann, as two experienced European league players, cannot be ignored, and Isaac Bonga can defend all positions, from point guard to center.

All three of them can threaten opponents from the outside. If you add Daniel Theis' size and abilities inside, it won't be easy for opponents to gain an advantage against Germany.

Maodo Lo will be the backup plan for Schroder in the backcourt, and he has proven this through his scoring ability. However, the most anticipated C&S player is Andreas Obst.

Although he missed most of last season due to injury, Obst is now healthy and ready to provide his greatest weapon for the national team, which is his three-point shooting.

In this regard, he is undoubtedly one of the best players in the European league. Head coach Gordon Herbert The head coach of the German national team is Gordon Herbert, a Canadian. He has led multiple professional teams in his career, and even coached in Frankfurt for three terms.

He led them to win the German League championship in 2004 and won the Coach of the Year award for the same team in 2016. In addition, Frankfurt also won the FIBA Europe Cup that season.

He has also worked with the Canadian coaching staff and was an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors, and even coached the men's national basketball team of Georgia. He took over as head coach of the German national team in 2021.

In the first major game, he led "Die Mannschaft" to win a medal at the EuroBasket for the first time in 17 years. They have remained undefeated in the preliminary round and are considered strong contenders for the gold medal. We will soon find out if this team can achieve great results in this World Cup. National battle! ! 2023 FIBA World Cup Men's Basketball Special Feature [Contract editor Chang-Yi Lin / Responsible editor Yi-Qian Xie] This article is translated from: FIBA World Cup Preview – Germany: Few will bet on the lack of discipline and Dennis Schroder as a leader🔥More Latest NBA Featured Articles: The Secret Weapon of Team USA Can Paolo Banchero serve as a small ball center to reverse the situation? "The feeling of going abroad for the country is very different." Can Tyrese Haliburton's chemistry with Team USA be effective? The hidden dangers of the United States' World Cup revenge plan and Patty Mills' promise to the Australian team No matter if Morey is a liar, Harden needs to face himself first ※Welcome to subscribe to "Sports Vision Newsletter" and share with you the stories, perspectives, knowledge and emotions of the sports circle! ※Sports Vision has been online for eight years, and the latest "ad-free paid membership service" will help make your browsing experience smoother and more comfortable. Your support and encouragement are sincerely invited to join us in growing together.