#  但這次八強賽的敗北，或許可以讓Dončić更放下心中的包袱，因為他的個人表現真的已經算是沒話說，當然也不會批評他在裁判面前的表現，因為他真的已經是NBA球星，也真的有能力享受到在世界盃等級的比賽裡為自己爭取哨音的權利，但他更該學習如何控制自己的情緒、更該學習如何帶領球隊，或許這些都不是能輕易學會的，但他一定更該學習如何接受失敗，就像他在NBA的球季裡學習的一樣，從Rookie到All-Star，Dončić若能學會接受敗北，或許真的可以再次成為最佳年輕球員，或許也就真的可以和Shai Gilgeous-Alexander一樣，成為像Luka Dončić一樣，能夠一漲一跌的同梯國際賽王牌，彼此互相激盪、也彼此互相成長。

The Iron is as sharp as Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Luka Dončić, the two rising stars in international games, clashed in the quarterfinals of the 2023 World Cup 
  但這次八強賽的敗北，或許可以讓Dončić更放下心中的包袱，因為他的個人表現真的已經算是沒話說，當然也不會批評他在裁判面前的表現，因為他真的已經是NBA球星，也真的有能力享受到在世界盃等級的比賽裡為自己爭取哨音的權利，但他更該學習如何控制自己的情緒、更該學習如何帶領球隊，或許這些都不是能輕易學會的，但他一定更該學習如何接受失敗，就像他在NBA的球季裡學習的一樣，從Rookie到All-Star，Dončić若能學會接受敗北，或許真的可以再次成為最佳年輕球員，或許也就真的可以和Shai Gilgeous-Alexander一樣，成為像Luka Dončić一樣，能夠一漲一跌的同梯國際賽王牌，彼此互相激盪、也彼此互相成長。

The Iron is as sharp as Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Luka Dončić, the two rising stars in international games, clashed in the quarterfinals of the 2023 World Cup. We hope to use this opportunity to discuss and share various opinions about the game. The final score was 100:89, with Canada winning over Slovenia and advancing to the semifinals for the first time in their history, crushing Slovenia's dream of making it to the top four.

The biggest pre-game focus and post-game topic were undoubtedly on Slovenia's top player, Luka Dončić. Before the game, everyone wondered if he, who was predicted to be a candidate for NBA MVP in the new season, could lead his team to achieve their best international result, even potentially winning the championship and achieving a personal milestone. However, after the game, the spotlight was on him being ejected from the game early due to two technical fouls. Dončić revealed that a referee had told him that he would not get the calls he wanted because of his disrespect towards the referees. This was evident throughout the game, with Dončić creating contact but not getting the calls, followed by his various expressions of dissatisfaction towards the referees. To be fair, it could be seen that Canada had a slight advantage in terms of calls during the game. Dončić may have had a reason to complain, but he paid the price for his complaints by receiving technical fouls. Even though his teammates fought with all their might and the final score was only 4 points different when Dončić was ejected, his absence in the second half of the game was a big blow to Slovenia's comeback efforts.

In this case, Dončić lost both face and substance, while Canada's ace Shai Gilgeous-Alexander emerged as the winner. Not only did he perform well individually, but Canada also won the game and achieved a new milestone in their history. This was the first meeting between the two players on the international stage, and it was a rollercoaster of emotions for both of them, with one rising and the other falling.

In 2017, Slovenia made a surprise victory in the EuroBasket, with their point guard Goran Dragić winning the MVP award. However, 18-year-old Dončić was already a rising star who could handle the responsibilities of being the team's leader. It was clear that he was the next basketball prodigy from Europe, after Ricky Rubio, to attract everyone's attention at such a young age. Since then, Dončić has been shining on the world stage and received significant attention during the 2018 draft. If it weren't for Deandre Ayton, who was the perfect fit for the Phoenix Suns' first overall pick in terms of position and background, Dončić could have challenged for the top spot. In the end, he was selected as the third pick and joined the Dallas Mavericks through a trade. However, no one could stop Dončić from shining on all levels of basketball after that. In his rookie year in the NBA, he averaged 21.2 points, 7.8 rebounds, and 6.0 assists, and in his fifth year, he has already reached a crazy level of "30-8-8." In terms of the world stage, Dončić has taken over from Dragić and become the absolute core of Slovenia, a country that has produced its own basketball system. In this year's World Cup, with top players like Nikola Jokić of Serbia, Giannis Antetokounmpo of Greece, and other top American players not participating, Dončić averaged 26.3 points (the highest in the tournament), 6.8 rebounds, and 6.5 assists, proving that he is worthy of the title of the tournament's top player.

There is no doubt about Dončić's performance on the court, and he is rightfully known as the "golden boy" since he rose to fame at a young age. The problem is, regardless of whether it's because he has tasted success in the NBA, in recent years, Dončić has been seen arguing with referees more and more, causing him trouble. In the past three seasons, he has been in the top three in terms of technical fouls in the league and has exceeded the league's limit of 16 technical fouls that result in a suspension. In this quarterfinal game, he was ejected because of two technical fouls, and during the game, Dončić not only showed his dissatisfaction with gestures, but also made a money-counting gesture towards the referees, implying that they were being bribed and not making fair calls. Even though the referees' calls were not ideal, Dončić's actions were unacceptable and could be considered a stain on his image. Of course, objectively speaking, Slovenia may not have been the most favored team to win the championship. The only reason people had some expectations for them was because of Dončić. With such a superstar, people expected him to create some miracles. However, that was not the case, and Slovenia failed to make it to the top four. In terms of results, it may not be a disappointment, but Dončić's defeat was coupled with his ejection from the game, which may have been just as disappointing. It was similar to what happened in the 2021 NBA playoffs when Jokić, who won MVP that season, was ejected from the game when his team was down 0-3 and watched them getting swept by their opponents.

But this loss in the quarterfinals may allow Dončić to let go of the burden he has been carrying. His individual performance has been outstanding, and he should not be criticized for his behavior towards the referees, as he is already an NBA star and has the right to fight for calls on the world stage. However, he should learn how to control his emotions and how to lead his team. These are not easy things to learn, but he should also learn how to accept defeat, just like he did in his NBA career, from a rookie to an All-Star. If Dončić can learn to accept defeat, he may once again become the best young player and, like Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, become a rising star who can compete on the world stage and grow together.