# NBA teams up with special attack players to support anti-drug education

NBA player Michael Porter Jr 
 NBA teams up with special attack players to support anti-drug education

NBA player Michael Porter Jr. joined the special attack players of CTBC Bank for a four-day charity event promoting anti-drug education. During the first stop, they visited the training base of the 2022-2023 T1 League champions, the CTBC MPJ, where they shared training tips and talked about NBA championship experiences with two middle school basketball teams sponsored by CTBC Bank.

Chairman of the CTBC Anti-Drug Education Foundation, Gu Chung-liang, presented Michael Porter Jr. with a CTBC MPJ jersey and invited him to become an ambassador for the foundation. The 25-year-old Michael Porter Jr. was a five-star high school athlete in the US before suffering from multiple injuries and undergoing surgeries. He persevered and returned to the top of his game.

In the 2018 NBA draft, he was selected by the Denver Nuggets as the 14th overall pick and has since become a key player for the team. This season, he helped the team win their first championship in 47 years.

Upon arriving in Taiwan, Michael Porter Jr. visited the CTBC MPJ training base and shared training techniques and tips with the players before playing a friendly match with them. He expressed his focus on charity during this trip and hoped to inspire others with his story of faith and pursuit of dreams.

During the half-court match with the special attack players, Michael Porter Jr. noticed their smooth passing and attacking skills, saying, "This is the strength of a championship team!" CTBC MPJ head coach, Lee Yi-hua, also praised Michael Porter Jr. for his professionalism and positive attitude in training, and how he shared his offensive and organizational skills with the players.

Huang Hung-han, who joined the CTBC MPJ this offseason, had the chance to play against Michael Porter Jr. and said, "It's a rare experience to train and compete with someone like Michael Porter Jr. up close! My playing style is about never giving up, and he reminded me to speed up my shooting during the match, which is a skill I need to improve in the upcoming season."

The CTBC MPJ Taiwan Tour was sponsored by CTBC Bank and included a visit to the CTBC MPJ training base, a charity event with two middle school basketball teams, and a special appearance at a CPBL game. Michael Porter Jr. also filmed a short video promoting anti-drug education and interacting with the students, hoping to inspire them to set goals and build self-confidence through basketball and the foundation's anti-drug education programs.