#  NBA Boosts France's Power in the Paint as Victor Wembanyama Commits to Olympics

Photo credit: Reuters

French basketball player Victor Wembanyama recently confirmed in an interview that he will be participating in the 2024 Paris Olympics 
  NBA Boosts France's Power in the Paint as Victor Wembanyama Commits to Olympics

Photo credit: Reuters

French basketball player Victor Wembanyama recently confirmed in an interview that he will be participating in the 2024 Paris Olympics.

Wembanyama stated, "Achieving success at the Olympics would be a great story, and my only goal is to win the gold medal. I will be competing in the Olympics."

"I watched the World Cup this year and the results were disappointing for the French team. However, I am not worried and I won't make any judgments. I was not part of the team at the time, as it was led by top players. But I believe that our loss in the World Cup will not affect our chances of making a big impact in Paris next year," Wembanyama said.

Wembanyama wisely chose to sit out the recently concluded 2023 FIBA World Cup to focus on staying healthy for his NBA debut. He made his debut for the French national team in November last year during the FIBA World Cup European Qualifiers.

In four games, he averaged 19.0 points and 8.3 rebounds per game.

Currently standing at 2.18 meters tall, Wembanyama is an exceptional defensive player with unlimited potential. He has also been performing well in the French league, attracting the attention of many NBA teams.

Wembanyama's addition to the team will greatly enhance France's power, as his defensive abilities and threat in the paint will make them a stronger force at the Olympics. His performance will also be watched closely, giving him the opportunity to succeed in the NBA.