# Image/FIBA World Cup On the last day of the round of 16, two undefeated European teams, Germany and Slovenia, faced off in a game that did not determine who would advance to the quarterfinals, but rather who would be first or second in their group 
 Image/FIBA World Cup On the last day of the round of 16, two undefeated European teams, Germany and Slovenia, faced off in a game that did not determine who would advance to the quarterfinals, but rather who would be first or second in their group. In the end, Germany made a comeback before the end of the first half and defeated Slovenia, setting them up to face either Latvia or Spain in the next game.

During most of the first half, Germany was behind and even fell behind by 14 points at one point. However, they managed to close the gap with an 11-0 run before halftime, only allowing Slovenia to score 9 points in the second quarter. They entered the second half with a four-point lead.

In the second half, Germany continued their strong defensive performance and showed their scoring abilities with 62 points, pulling away from Slovenia. Slovenia gave up on the game in the early stages of the fourth quarter, resting Luka Doncic and putting in several bench players. In the end, Germany won by a large margin of 100-71, securing their spot as the first team in their group to advance to the quarterfinals. Dennis Schroder scored 24 points and had 10 assists, Daniel Theis contributed 14 points and 7 rebounds, and Isaac Bonga had 12 points and 5 rebounds.

Despite Luka Doncic's 23 points, 6 rebounds, and 6 assists, Slovenia could not secure the win. Germany's next opponent will be the second place team from Group L, which will be determined by the outcome of the Canada/Spain game. If Spain wins, they will be the second place team due to their loss to Latvia in the round of 16. If Canada wins, Latvia will be the second place team due to their loss to Canada in the group stage. Slovenia's next opponent will be the first place team from Group L, also determined by the outcome of the Canada/Spain game. If Spain wins, Latvia will be the first place team due to their win against Spain in the round of 16. If Canada wins, Canada will be the first place team due to their win against Latvia in the group stage.