#  PLG Flying Monkey officially announced the addition of flight instructor, Anthony Tucker 
  PLG Flying Monkey officially announced the addition of flight instructor, Anthony Tucker.

Photo/Taoyuan Pauian Flying Monkeys

Taoyuan Pauian Flying Monkeys announced today (10/20) the arrival of flight instructor, Anthony Tucker, who will lead the pilots to soar high. The 34-year-old American stands at 193cm tall and weighs 93kg. Since 2019, he has been playing for Taiwanese teams in various leagues, and his excellent shooting ability and scoring explosiveness have gained him popularity among fans. In the first season of 2020-21 P. League+, he averaged 27.8 points and 5.5 assists, winning both the scoring and assist titles. In the 2021-22 season, he joined T1 League and collaborated with current head coach, Kaminos, leading the team to the championship with an impressive 42% three-point shooting percentage, averaging 20.7 points, 6.9 rebounds, and 5.8 assists. He was also named the Sixth Man of the Year.

Head coach Kaminos said, "Tucker is a tall, scoring, and creative point guard who is willing to step up in high-pressure games and never backs down in the face of tough competition. His experience will greatly benefit our young Flying Monkeys, whether it's improving our competitive spirit or teaching our players how to overcome challenges in games. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to work with Tucker again and I am confident that he will help us reach new heights." Tucker added, "I am excited to represent Taoyuan once again in P. League+ and I am looking forward to reuniting with Coach Kaminos and playing with my new teammates, some of whom I have even faced as opponents in previous years. I hope to have a great season this year and can't wait to meet all the fans on the court. Go Pilots!"