#  It seems that the "Redeem Team" of the United States has gained another star player 
  It seems that the "Redeem Team" of the United States has gained another star player. Washington Wizards forward Kyle Kuzma stated that in order for the US team to win the gold medal, they need some stars to accept smaller roles at the 2024 Olympics, and Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker has volunteered for this role.

Kuzma tweeted: "USA men's basketball needs to bring in some stars who know how to play a role, anyone can control the ball, but can you calmly defend and hit some three-pointers from the corner?" Booker retweeted Kuzma's tweet and wrote, "I would do that."

Booker previously represented the US men's basketball team in winning the gold medal at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. According to earlier reports, LeBron James has expressed his desire to participate in another Olympics and has started recruiting players such as Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Jayson Tatum, Anthony Davis, and Draymond Green. If LeGM's recruitment is successful, we will see a star-studded US team in the Paris Olympics, but international competitions in recent years have shown that European countries are no longer what they used to be, and every national team has the ability to defeat NBA stars. Therefore, next year's Olympics will be very exciting.

The US team will attempt to win their fifth consecutive Olympic gold medal. Booker, KD, and Green were members of the team that won gold in Tokyo, while LeBron James has not participated in the national team for a while, making this his last dance with Team USA.