#  PLG New Taipei Kings sign former five-star high school player Billy as their third foreign player

Billy 
  PLG New Taipei Kings sign former five-star high school player Billy as their third foreign player

Billy.

Photo/New Taipei Kings
New Taipei Kings announced the signing of American power forward Billy (Billy Preston) on September 8th, strengthening their team for the new season in the Eastern Super League. The 25-year-old Billy, who has multiple experiences playing in professional leagues around the world, is expected to contribute on both ends of the court for the Kings. Originally from California, Billy was a five-star high school player and received offers from top NCAA schools, including the University of Kansas. His impressive athleticism is his trademark, and he also has a great outside shooting ability. His excellent driving skills make him a playmaker on the court. Although he was not drafted in the 2018 NBA draft, he played for the Cleveland Cavaliers in the summer league and signed a two-way contract with their G League team, the Cleveland Charge, to start his professional career. He then moved on to play in other professional leagues, most recently in South Africa for the Cape Town Tigers, where he averaged 16.6 points and 9.4 rebounds per game. Regarding Billy's signing, general manager Mao Gaen said, "Billy can be considered a modern-day power forward with excellent athleticism and the ability to both drive and shoot. His agility and height make him a strong defender for the Kings. At only 25 years old, he still has tremendous potential and we are excited to see him play alongside Mullen and Manny in the new season. We believe this will bring more versatility to the Kings and help the team achieve better results." 