#  T1 League announces initial punishment for gambling incident involving Luo Zhenfeng, Taiwan Beer and Yongfeng Cloud Leopards fined 350,000

T1 League released a statement today regarding the gambling incident involving Luo Zhenfeng 
  T1 League announces initial punishment for gambling incident involving Luo Zhenfeng, Taiwan Beer and Yongfeng Cloud Leopards fined 350,000

T1 League released a statement today regarding the gambling incident involving Luo Zhenfeng. Photo/T1 League The T1 League regular season started today, with the final game seeing Citic Attack defeat Taiwan Steel Falcons for their first win of the season. Recently, Taiwan Beer's Yongfeng Cloud Leopards player Luo Zhenfeng was fired by the team due to his involvement in a gambling scandal. Today, the league also announced the punishment for the team. The following is the statement from T1 League:

"According to relevant laws and regulations from the T1 League organizers and the Legislative Yuan, those suspected of involvement in match-fixing will be punished accordingly. For Yongfeng Cloud Leopards, they will be fined 350,000 NT dollars according to T1 League regulations and the team will be required to handle Luo Zhenfeng's violation seriously. At the same time, Luo Zhenfeng's personal punishment will be reviewed by the Taiwan Basketball Association and handled accordingly."

T1 League once again emphasizes that match-fixing severely affects the fairness and image of the league and will be strongly cracked down upon. They urge players, teams, and related individuals to abide by the league's regulations and together maintain the fairness and dignity of the league.