# NBA Avengers Assemble! LeBron James expresses high willingness to play for Team USA in Paris Olympics 
 NBA Avengers Assemble! LeBron James expresses high willingness to play for Team USA in Paris Olympics. AD Curry also wants to join.

 Photo/Reuters Lakers forward LeBron James received media interviews today. During the offseason, LeBron James hinted on social media that he will wear the American team's jersey again. When asked if he will participate in the 2024 Paris Olympics, James said, "GM/Player? I am not happy with our final result this summer (note: The US men's basketball team finished fourth in the World Cup), so let's wait and see. But I am excited about this. "I am really interested in playing in Paris.

 Of course, this season I have a lot to do with the Lakers. But I am really interested in representing the US men's basketball team in Paris. As we all know, I have a history of playing for the US team, and we have many excellent players here in the US.

 When asked if he is contacting other American players to join, James said, "We have been communicating."

 When asked about the physical toll it may take, James said, "I can't say for sure about the physical toll. I will feel it at the end of the season, but considering the players we have and the potential options to add to the roster, I don't think it will have a major physical toll.

 I don't have to do too much, grab rebounds, pass the ball, defend, block some shots. But let's see what happens." Teammate Anthony Davis was also asked about his willingness to play for the country, to which AD said, "If they ask me, I will definitely participate."

 Shifting the focus to the Warriors' home court, Warriors' star Stephen Curry was also asked about this matter, to which Curry said, "I want to participate in the competition (Olympics).

 This is something I haven't done yet...I definitely want to go there and be part of that team." Previous reports have stated that many star players, including LeBron, KD, Curry, etc., are interested in playing in the Olympics.