#  總之，在林秉聖加盟台新戰神之後，因為各方的應對不當，反而讓台灣職籃與全民關注度連結的事件，出現了超過「林秉聖」的名字更為熱門的「台新戰神」，而以目前的情勢而言，台新戰神不僅沒有因為林秉聖的加盟，而讓全民對台灣職籃產生更多興趣，反而讓台新戰神成為職籃許多人最討厭的球隊之一，而像是這次的「記者會」，更是讓台新戰神在全民的心中，再一次失敗。 

Sharp weapons cut iron like mud 
  總之，在林秉聖加盟台新戰神之後，因為各方的應對不當，反而讓台灣職籃與全民關注度連結的事件，出現了超過「林秉聖」的名字更為熱門的「台新戰神」，而以目前的情勢而言，台新戰神不僅沒有因為林秉聖的加盟，而讓全民對台灣職籃產生更多興趣，反而讓台新戰神成為職籃許多人最討厭的球隊之一，而像是這次的「記者會」，更是讓台新戰神在全民的心中，再一次失敗。 

Sharp weapons cut iron like mud. The wind is sharp, and Little Iron is like a simulation. I hope to use more discussions to share various opinions on watching games.

After the press conference, the 2023 Cross-League Invitational will once again return, this time even larger than last year, with even the UBA three-time champion National Chengchi University stepping onto the battlefield to see if the current undisputed champion of the university basketball world, "Universal NCCU," has the ability to challenge higher levels. This will definitely become a hot topic in the Cross-League Invitational, and as the little brother, NCCU has no pressure - if they lose to a professional team, no one will blame them, but if they win, it might damage the face of the big brother. Additionally, the tournament rules state that no foreign players can be used, but foreign students can be registered. Foreign students are NCCU's basic equipment, and their key player, Mobaye, who is known as the "strongest foreign student," can participate. Everything is advantageous for NCCU. However, challenging a higher level may not be the biggest topic of this tournament. If we consider Taiwan Beer Leopards and the SBL Taiwan Beer as a joint team, the T1 League newcomer Taipei Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors is the purest representation of the T1 League in this tournament. In the previous Cross-League Invitational, the T1 League outperformed P. LEAGUE+ and SBL, with the championship game even being an all T1 League battle between New Taipei City Citibank and Taiwan Beer English Bears. However, before the Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors even made their debut, they had already become the biggest topic, but not for any positive reasons. Please continue reading below. On the roster for the tournament, Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors had written "Lin Ping-sheng" in bold letters, just as they had previously claimed, to allow Lin Ping-sheng to represent the Warriors in the tournament. Of course, this tournament does not have Hsinchu JKO Lioneers who participated in the last tournament, which reduces the potential for drama to some extent. However, the trio of Lin Ping-sheng, JKO Lioneers, and Warriors has already been destined to be the unavoidable focus of Taiwanese basketball this offseason.

And today, the Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors held a press conference to announce their team roster, cheerleaders, mascot, as well as two foreign players and foreign head coach Brian Adams. However, whether it was the press conference news on social media or the live stream link's comments section, they were all filled with criticism and ridicule, making it very obvious that Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors were not standing on the stage of Taiwanese professional basketball amidst celebratory atmosphere.

The "Warriors" that cannot calm the storm. Please continue reading below (Image source: Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors) On Monday (September 11th), Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors and Lin Ping-sheng held a press conference, where Lin Ping-sheng read from a script to apologize, talk about recent events, and his decision-making process. However, the biggest issue was that at the end of the press conference, the host said that Lin Ping-sheng and the appointed lawyer would not be interviewed, and that any questions could be directed to the team leader Shang Jui-chiang. However, in the entire press conference, besides emphasizing the opposition between Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors and JKO Lioneers, Shang only revealed that "the Warriors' offer was not necessarily higher than the Lioneers', but it provided Lin Ping-sheng with more security abroad." 

In terms of a press conference, this is undoubtedly a very poor way to handle things. It is obvious that in this incident where someone signed contracts with two teams, the media would want to ask questions to this individual. Of course, one side's (JKO Lioneers) contract is being questioned and might even be invalid, but the biggest key is on the person who signed with both sides. Unless he can confidently and flawlessly explain his actions and convince all parties, the press conference is where the media would want to ask questions to the person who signed the contracts. Of course, Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors can worry that as a player, Lin Ping-sheng might not have the ability to express himself, but that is why he has an appointed lawyer. Since in the previous coordination meeting, Lin Ping-sheng was able to be represented by his appointed lawyer, today at the press conference where both Lin and his appointed lawyer were present, it is their basic obligation to be interviewed. However, in the end, Lin Ping-sheng left with a confusing statement "I will take responsibility for what I should," while the appointed lawyer only used the phrase "statute of limitations," which has become a legal joke on the internet. Then, both of them refused to be interviewed and only left the team leader Shang Jui-chiang. From his "chat" with the media, it is clear that the team leader could not clarify any doubts about Lin Ping-sheng. This means that although since the incident has been revealed, many details about JKO Lioneers' contact with Lin Ping-sheng, contract details, and duration were not perfect and can be attacked, after Monday's press conference, the only thing the public thinks is that Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors handled the situation poorly, resulting in even more negative evaluations. This even extends to the team's social media presence; after Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors' Instagram was made public after the press conference, Lin Ping-sheng, who had left a cold comment when JKO Lioneers officially announced his signing, became very active in commenting on the team's posts. Most notably, when the Warriors released posts introducing their players, Lin Ping-sheng would leave a comment as soon as possible, showing his support and goodwill towards his teammates. However, because of his recent public appearance and improper comments, the Warriors' Instagram has become a "flaming" pit. Not only did Lin Ping-sheng receive many negative replies, but even after he stopped commenting, netizens would still leave sarcastic messages under the Warriors' posts. 

In summary, after Lin Ping-sheng joined Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors, due to all parties' inappropriate responses, the event that links Taiwanese professional basketball with the public has become more about "Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors" than "Lin Ping-sheng." And in the current situation, Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors not only did not generate more interest in Taiwanese basketball because of Lin Ping-sheng's joining but also became one of the most disliked teams in the league. For example, this press conference has once again resulted in Taiwan Shin Kong Warriors being seen as a failure in the public's eyes.