# 
PLG Flying Monkeys announced the official joining of flight instructor Anthony Tucker today (10/20) 
 
PLG Flying Monkeys announced the official joining of flight instructor Anthony Tucker today (10/20). The American player, standing at 193cm tall and weighing 93kg, will lead the pilots to soar to new heights.

Tucker, 34, has been playing for Taiwanese teams in various leagues since 2019. His outstanding shooting ability and scoring explosiveness have gained him a lot of fans. In the first season of the 2020-21 P. League+, he averaged 27.8 points and 5.5 assists, winning both the scoring and assist titles. In the 2021-22 season, he joined T1 League and worked with current head coach Kaminsky, shooting an impressive 42% from the three-point line and averaging 20.7 points, 6.9 rebounds, and 5.8 assists to lead the team to the championship game. He was also named the Sixth Man of the Year. Coach Kaminsky said, "Tucker is a tall, scoring guard with playmaking abilities. He is willing to step up in high-pressure games and never backs down from a challenge. His experience will be a great help to our young Flying Monkeys, whether it's improving our competitive spirit or teaching our players how to handle tough games."

"I'm excited to be back in P. League+ representing Taoyuan," Tucker said. "I look forward to working with Coach Kaminsky again and playing alongside my new teammates. Some of them were even opponents I faced in previous years. I hope we have a great season and I can't wait to meet all the Orange Army fans during our games. Go Pilots!"