# This year's Cross-League Basketball Invitational, which will take place on September 16, has officially announced its 7 participating teams 
 This year's Cross-League Basketball Invitational, which will take place on September 16, has officially announced its 7 participating teams. Last year's inaugural event was a success, and this year's event is set to be even better. The participating teams were revealed today, including SBL's Taiwan Bank, Taiwan Beer, and Changhua Bank, as well as a joint team from PLG Dreams and Leading Monkeys from the Dual Basketball League, and Taiwan Taipei Bank's War God from the T1 League. The UBA champions, National Chengchi University, will also be participating.

Organized by the Chinese Basketball Association, the Cross-League Basketball Invitational was first held last year, with teams from all 3 domestic leagues participating. This year's second edition will feature 7 teams, including SBL's Taiwan Bank, Taiwan Beer, and Changhua Bank, a joint team from PLG Dreams and Leading Monkeys from the Dual Basketball League, the Chinese Asian Games Training Team, T1 League's Taiwan Taipei Bank War God, and UBA's National Chengchi University. Despite the lukewarm participation of Dual Basketball League teams, their involvement is still highly anticipated, especially National Chengchi University, who recently won their third consecutive UBA Men's Division 1 championship. They will be competing against professional teams for the first time, and all eyes are on Lin Ping-Sheng, who has been caught in a contract dispute and whether he will make his debut with his new team, Taiwan Taipei Bank War God.