# The LuxyGirls performance was criticized by netizens for looking like a beef market 
 The LuxyGirls performance was criticized by netizens for looking like a beef market. 32-year-old actress Shu Zichen, who returned to LuxyGirls in April, couldn't help but fight back. Shu Zichen has a hot figure and excellent dancing skills, and has been dubbed the "little Xie Jinyan." She took over as the captain of LuxyGirls when she returned in late April. Recently, some netizens criticized their outfits as looking like a beef market, saying "even overseas, we don't dress so excessively." In response, Shu Zichen posted a photo of a foreign American cheerleading team dancing, showing that their outfits are even more revealing than LuxyGirls'. Shu Zichen called out the Taiwanese netizens, saying, "You really need to open your eyes and see the world. This kind of outfit is very normal for cheerleaders overseas. Don't just know about puffy skirts and call everything a beef market. This just shows your age, and that you haven't even seen a beef market before." Shu Zichen emphasized that LuxyGirls' style is not meant to please the public, "The so-called American cheerleaders are able to fully express beautiful body language and enthusiasm, rather than conform to the traditional image of cheerleaders. Only someone living in a cave would think otherwise. Don't drag others down with your narrow-mindedness. A person with a positive mindset would appreciate and accept different types of beauty." Shu Zichen's post on Instagram.