#  The first T1 League Campus Ambassador will soon begin recruitment 
  The first T1 League Campus Ambassador will soon begin recruitment.

 Photo/T1 League "The first T1 League Campus Ambassador" will start recruiting on September 22nd! Anyone over the age of 18 who is a current student at a Taiwanese university, has a strong personal social media presence, and is a basketball enthusiast is eligible to apply. Campus Ambassadors will receive comprehensive professional training, have the opportunity to experience the league's operations first-hand, and even have the chance to interact with players up close.

 For the past two seasons, the league has recruited new popular players such as Abasi, Wei Jiahao, Lin Xinkuan, and Gao Jinwei from the University Basketball Association, as well as many young fans. In order to make the league more youthful, expand communication with different groups, and create new connections, the league is holding the Campus Ambassador program for the first time this season. It hopes to combine the unlimited creativity of the new generation and use the Campus Ambassador program to promote league events and content, and attract young people to come and watch the games. T1 League Secretary-General Wang Zhiqun said, "The general public may find it difficult to imagine how the league operates. Through the Campus Ambassador program, not only can students who are interested in the industry understand the sports industry ecosystem and various positions within the league, but we will also invite well-known professionals to serve as instructors for the Campus Ambassadors and arrange a series of courses for them to experience the real operations from scratch. We welcome everyone to take on this challenge." For more information about applying, please visit the registration website at https://forms.gle/VPfFXvZvXaA3JzLk8. Campus Ambassador recruitment period.