# The PLG Saigon Heat visited the Lion City for their first game against the Singapore Slingers in the FIBA Continental Cup 
 The PLG Saigon Heat visited the Lion City for their first game against the Singapore Slingers in the FIBA Continental Cup. The team arrived in Singapore on the 22nd and participated in the 2023 FIBA Continental Cup Singapore Showcase.

In addition to bringing all the coaches, players, and foreign players, the Saigon Heat also brought their home game host and DJ, the Muse Girls, and their interactive activities to Singapore. They hope to share their experience in managing a professional basketball team with the Singapore Sports Council, and look forward to deepening cooperation and exchanges with Singapore and other East Asian basketball teams. The Saigon Heat team has been recognized by the local quality construction brand "Ta Yan Construction" in Hsinchu, and the two sides have officially joined forces to use "Hsinchu Ta Yan Saigon Heat" as the team name for this showcase. This morning, the Muse Girls and mascot Rudy led a group of fans on a tour of Singapore's historic buildings, including the Asian Civilization Museum, Victoria Theatre, Old Singapore Parliament Building, and Merlion Park. They also designed interactive games during the trip to help fans get to know the Muse Girls and mascot Rudy better, hoping to create unforgettable memories for fans on this trip to the Lion City.

Muse Girls captain Linlin said happily, "This is the first time I have traveled with fans as a cheerleader. I am very happy to be able to use these activities to garner more support for the Saigon Heat. I also hope that after this international exchange, the Muse Girls can increase their popularity in the Asian region!" The Saigon Heat played against the Singapore Slingers at noon today at the Singapore Indoor Stadium. In order for the local and foreign players to have a chance to bond through the game, the Saigon Heat sent out Kao Kuo-hao, Wang Zi-gang, Shih Yan-tsung, Brohn, and Ou-Shi Fu as starters. From the start, the Saigon Heat showed their strong determination, and after widening the lead to double digits, the team's bench players, including Zhang Jie-wei, Liu Guang-shang, and Jiang Guang-qian, all contributed to the team's win with 12, 11, and 10 points respectively. The final score was 84:61, with the Saigon Heat defeating the Singapore Slingers.

In his first game representing the Saigon Heat, Ou-Shi Fu played 15 minutes, scoring 12 points with an 83% shooting rate, 7 rebounds, and 3 blocks. He was voted the game's MVP by the fans on site. Ou-Shi Fu said, "I am very happy to be able to help the team win in my first game. Even though we are playing in a different city today, having Hsinchu fans come to watch the game makes it feel like we are playing at home. I believe that in this kind of team atmosphere, I can quickly integrate into the team."

When asked about the team's chemistry, coach Lin Guan-lun said, "Today's main goal was team integration, and also to allow the young players to gain more experience. Since the foreign players have not had many opportunities to practice with the team, I hope that through games, they can become more familiar with the team. Today was an attempt with a new lineup."

The Hsinchu Ta Yan Saigon Heat and the Singapore Slingers will both participate in the 2023 FIBA Continental Cup Singapore Showcase.