# NBACameronJohnson talks about his rookie season and how it was an eye-opening experience being on the court with LeBron James 
 NBACameronJohnson talks about his rookie season and how it was an eye-opening experience being on the court with LeBron James.

 In a recent podcast, Nets forward Cameron Johnson talked about his experience playing against Lakers forward LeBron James. "LeBron showed me the true level of basketball in the NBA. I have a little story to tell you.

In my rookie season, we played against each other in Los Angeles. My team had a play designed for me and I thought, 'Wow, this is great. I rarely get plays designed for me and I really like this one. It's going to work, I like this play.'

But then he figured out the play and pointed at me, saying 'Don't let him go around this screen and take the shot.'

I was like, 'Are you targeting me? I just want to take one shot, this was the only play I got all game.' And then I watched as either Kuzma or whoever it was clearly knew the play and they disrupted it, and I didn't get the opportunity to take that shot."

"That's just a random play and he just understands basketball. He probably knows every play for every person, he knows the terminology, he understands how plays work. I hope 20 years in the league will bring you elite-level basketball knowledge, and he embodies that completely," Johnson said.

When asked about his opinion on the most dominant version of LeBron James, Johnson replied, "I think the 2018 LeBron was a combination of peak physical LeBron and the LeBron who had evolved his basketball IQ to a whole new level.

LeBron shows you that basketball is a game of levels. I think 2018 was the perfect combination of maturity, understanding of the game at a high level, and physical dominance. I have to say that the most dominant LeBron was in 2018, he did everything.

They were ready to give him the MVP after he lost in the finals," Johnson said.