#  PLG Dreamers to Host Dream Link Exchange Tournament with Five Teams Competing at Mini Egg Fantasy Battle

Image/ PLG Dreamers

Today (18th), the PLG Dreamers team from Formosa announced that they will gather teams from two leagues to hold the "Dream Link" exchange tournament 
  PLG Dreamers to Host Dream Link Exchange Tournament with Five Teams Competing at Mini Egg Fantasy Battle

Image/ PLG Dreamers

Today (18th), the PLG Dreamers team from Formosa announced that they will gather teams from two leagues to hold the "Dream Link" exchange tournament. The PLG Taipei Fubon Braves, Taoyuan Puyuan Navigation Monkeys, T1 New Taipei CTBC Brothers, and Kaohsiung Family Mart Sea Gods will join the Dreamers at the Intercontinental Mini Egg stadium in Taichung for the competition on October 21st and 22nd. The Dreamers team stated that the purpose of this exchange tournament is to promote communication among different league teams. Not only can players gain experience through the games and adapt to changes on the field, but also the various match-ups will create sparks and increase the excitement of the game for the audience.

The Dreamers also expressed their gratitude to the teams participating in the tournament and hope to have more teams join in the future to further enrich and deepen the exchange between teams and allow fans to enjoy more exciting games.

The competition will consist of four quarters, each lasting 12 minutes. Up to three foreign players can be registered and each team can have a total of 8 players on the court. If a player accumulates 6 personal fouls, they will be disqualified from the game. Each team can call for a 30-second timeout in the final 2 minutes of the deciding quarter (4th quarter or overtime). Apart from these adjustments, the competition will follow the latest FIBA rules. The "Dream Link" exchange tournament will kick off at the Dreamers' home stadium in Taichung on the weekend of October 21st and 22nd. Tickets will be available for purchase on the ibon ticketing system and the games will be broadcasted on MOMOTV channel 75, so even fans who cannot attend the game in person can still tune in to watch the exciting competition. More information about the tournament, match-ups, and other fun events will be revealed in the future, so please stay tuned to the Dreamers' official fan page.